<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-II" >[ACT IV]</a></h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-IV/23-10-25.md" >&larr; &nbsp; [Session 20]</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-IV/23-11-8.md" >[Session 22] &nbsp; &rarr;</a>
  </p>
</div>

# The Bridge City
- session 21
- 11/1/2023

## recap
- war between air and sky (birds vs storm)
- missing kenku bird smuel
    - koromu help with storm lord
    - dripper help with court of clouds
- **flying to prime manor** in takrati, taloa

## notes
- koromu studies strength
- short rest, flying to takrati
- auri having visions, meditating with huel
    - playing lute, auri jerks awake
    - right hand, smooth cold wood
    - was talking in elvish?
- stubby apologies for bird war knoromu
    - before 6th betallian left, she came
        - track? bitalian 6 may answer Qs
        - a brohter? possible ramblings
        - captain winters, crow like, white
- verana gives auri a bow
- birds salute as we leave on eagles
- **takrati, taloa**
- manor on outskirts of town
    - lights are out, statues destroyed
    - open doors are shut
- indigo greets us with walter uninflated
    - norman allows kith to wear him
- any info on my dad? where next -indigo
    - spoke to orc shaza el mabad
    - shows doll/fetish of shaza el
        - fascinating! let me study
    - father is already dead
        - i would know, everyone lies
        - harbor of ebonguard and planes of tartaruus
        - how are locks on house?
    - find his body? where is ebonguard
        - north by **deadmans island**
        - cheps, exiled towns folk
        - never heard of ebonguard
- help birds and use favor as trip
- huel wants to go east
    - easier to open doors (house) in a city
- what to do next?
    - bird favor, tarleigh hold (koromu and huel)
- bruka?
- investigate last known location
    - tarlegh hold
    - investigating, storm troops and war
        - storm folk are not in tarleigh hold
- indigo unfimiliar w/wild land
    - last tribes of species
    - unfriendly and lawless
    - no doors in villages
- information broker in bruka
- go to port? port artorious
    - last port seen of epic king on journey to endless ocean
    - center of church power (norman)
- koromu - kaledon -staff artifact
- burka - dripper auri huel
- port artorious - norman kith
    - easy access to bruke tarleigh hold
- huel wants tinormation broker in bruke (brother)
- auri knows parents names, now needs location
    - **herold greyson of the high pass** = ask where
- walter has crossed endless ocean
    - saw the king in rags dyin gof thirst
    - **hydor** got there in one piece
- cardimum twitches alive with new sweater, free potion!
- cardimum says 30+ family
- kith got 1000 ball bearings
- **in bruke, bogflats**
- city built on bridge over river
    - not much of city
    - reverent o bridge
- bussling city, warforged walks past
- looking for info broker!
    - red faced, side burns, suit, arrogant
- looking for church
    - followed the cobble path south
- city of night representative "knows something"
    - **razzle mac**
- toxic talking to his demon friend
    - hes too obvious, troup, grows legs
    - raven
    - follow info broker group
- toxic talking to trader
    - poisons, psychedellics, away out of here, [information]
    - **Saas the whisper wind**
- warforged robot shouting "all citezens do not pass the bridge masters are here"
    - blocking norman and kith
        - nicely dressed woman
        - knight skin is iron armor
        - steaming room with pipes to other streams
    - nicest house on the bridge
- old man looking at old tree
    - **alino green leaf**
    - staff with mushrooms topped with honey comb coming out
    - tree is magically adjusted
    - "a wird tree" kind/species
        - many siblighs if one dies they all die
    - you can try to cut it down? haha
- drippper sees arlmess goblin with gems in toes
- **bodo the grump**
    - trol we passed
    - bridge expert/repair
- toxic question?

## plans
- explore the city and find church  
- find herold greyson of the highpass

## missions
- find samuel the missing arokokra bird
    - koromu help with storm lord
    - dripper help with court of clouds
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- check on empty/vacant town
- find harold greyson of the high pass (huel)
- who is bordes friend rupert?
- take shaza el doll to city of dys

## wiki links
- [County of Tarleigh Hold](../lore.md#county-of-tarleigh-hold-eastern-dalstead)
- [dead mans island](../lore.md#dead-mans-island)
- [bruke, bogflats](../lore.md#city-of-bruke-the-bogflats-eastern-dalstead)
- [razzle mac](../lore.md#razzle-mac)
- [saas the whisper iwnd](../lore.md#saas-the-whisper-wind)
- [alino green leaf](../lore.md#alino-green-leaf)
- [bodo the grump](../lore.md#bodo-the-grump)
- [herond greyson of the high pass](../lore.md#herold-greyson-of-the-high-pass)
- hydor
