<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-IV" >[ACT IV]</a></h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-IV/24-02-07.md" >&larr; &nbsp; [Session 33]</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-IV/24-02-21.md" >[Session 35] &nbsp; &rarr;</a>
  </p>
</div>

# The Burned Cabin and the Missing Arakokra
- session 34
- 2/14/2024

## recap
- going north to auris parents shak, then go to orachi, hint from kenku man
- **in angakar/aurikar celebrating successful city defense**

## notes
- gathered remnants of destroyed city
    - chance to celebrate life, feast!
    - at a party/celebration
- intricate dancing while silus teh librarian grung tells a story
    - frog who was enourmus and travels tarleigh hold, would wallow in mud everynight statring at mon thinking of how good it would taste. every night he would try and jump and reach the moon getting closer every day, jumped so high he grabbed hold and bit into it, it was not made of squishy firefly but of rock. took bit of moon making quarter moon falling back down to tarleugh hold. he fell to angarkar falling in mud he created this lake were in, spit up pieves of moon to the south making shattered islands
- auri tries to push dripper into lake **1** falls over dripper and into lake
- fire genasi in ab aeterno do not shower
- norman proposes to give money to village chief hijikata to rebuild
- hiyaro island, north, sexy tree man himiwara said hed meet us there in his dying breath?
- verana alone crying
    - who are you? familiar
        - verana does not remember koromu
        - during fight she didnt recognize auri either
            - feels sisterhood becaseu of hat on her head (mushrooms are familiar? feels like home)
    - verana has memory issues?
    - norman handshake - feels like she has no bones in her body (rubber glove full of water)
- huel wants to talk to hijikata with hero auri
    - party paid with city savings to save it the first time
    - dont need moeny to rebuild just need strong hands and hard work
    - angarkar does not use money
- huel talking to derryl
    - didnt know people died? court marshalled for abandoning post?
    - will never find samuel out here (hes gone north to orachi)
        - he will come north with us - solider in 5th company
    - brothers: arrel barrel and derryl - mom is into patterns shes a peacock
- verana feels confused - who are these people? why do i know them
    - verana leans against shack solo (is no wthe new kaneki)
- norman offers drummer warrior interested in his stories grung a servant of the reverant mother (i cant leave my band!)
    - art brings beauty to this world (she loves to watch the garden grow)
        - on church here.. leave a relic?
        - two holy symbols - leave one behind
- kaneki passes frog on the roof cryhing
    - walks to end of dock to cal for kalvenaugh
    - kalv jealous of all the friends (were coworkers)
        - mother does not want frog souls, he likes frogs (try to regain her favor)
- boxes are shaking with heavy breathing
    - ken at bottom of barrel eating as a small little rat (sick from overeating)
- leave to auris parents cabin
- hijikata and alino wave off heros with darrel
- travelled through forest trail, at crossorads met group of gexko men
    - straw hats pushing a cart, gives us directions to lake
    - jungle - forest?
- traveled for 3 days
- verana auris hat looks familiar
    - zaz fire is famililar?
    - wants to sit near them
- old house used to be burned down - flame damage
    - half state of repair with new planks
- darrel walkts stright to man in boat at dock
    - tackels pigeonman into water, darrel hugs and kisses him
    - **samuel**
        - doesnt want to go back, darrel sad
        - samuel has been fixing up the house and fishing
        - 50 years of war and 50 more. when does it end?
        - i was sent on a mission and got lost, but not really
        - there wasa druid with a beehive staff and birds nest on his head, he told me of this place. told me to fix it up (alino?)
        - pointless endeavor to continue supporting the bird king
- huel insight check **20** darrel is about to run away, very afraid like in angarkar
- darrel hands auri a note
    - half burned note, soaked in tears,
- bare bones and basic ammenities
    - auri looks for notes
- samuel walks away from derryl and he looks over water, very conflicted
- koromu and dripper wrestle (koromu 18 vs 7 dripper)
    - best of 3? dripper
- huel and darrel
    - pther birds will continue to fight
    - if we stop and they dont.. been fighting so long. to give up now.. why did they die?
    - darrel leaves without talking to samuel
- auri finds **20**
- norman questions verana to regain memory
    - indigo and prime manor - mean nothing
    - mission to seek out forces of dread? personal mission - mean nothing
        - what is dread?
        - two days ago i woke up ~~in a mushroom patch~~ with my friends
            - does not mean us - more like brothers and sisters
        - verana has littel voice in her head she needs to listen to first
            - cant wait for them to wake up too/awaken
            - norman surpressing internal heretic alarm
                - a moment in the village when we lost you, scouting
                - only remembera waking up
- norman searching for devine influence/negative/curses/possession
    - verana is not alive
    - walking corpse, animated by something
- leave without samule
- dripper is reading old note
    - standing on a cliff?

``` text
- "Standing on the cliff's edge, hunger biting into my sagging flesh, it seemed like the end of my adventure. Free-falling, I welcomed weightlessness, finding comfort in the chilly embrace of the ocean below. But failure awaited me on a pristine grey shore, its sands whispering the mysterious name **Hyaro**. She laughted like lightning—an odd invitation to live, but rekindling the flickering ember of hope."
```

- faded entry - signed familiar name to auri
    - bunch of journal entries

```text
- Faded Entry:
    - Leaving the whispers of the Holly Isle behind, I step into the unknown embrace of Tarliegh Hold, a lone wolf banished from it's pack... from paradise... Each stride hangs heavy with the shadows of regret, the weight of despair my companion along on this journey. I wonder if this uncharted realm will reveal a new purpose, a spot to call my own in the midst of the turbulent sea of uncertainty? The crisp air fills my lungs as I inhale deeply of a new start.

- Pollen Covered Entry:
    - Among the forest's wildflowers, vibrant hues offer solace in the midst of turmoil. Their whispered secrets promise comfort. Still, madness seeps into my mind. A mysterious boy appeared, draped in  black robes of the magus', hair starkly split between solid white and black. The boy with a million eyes... He gave me a small black lotus seed, a pledge of unforeseen liberation.

- Split Entry:
    - A stranger in this strange land, yet my purpose feels renewed. The village longs for the melodies of my woodsinging, a symphony meant to revive its crumbling homes. Surprisingly, love blooms amidst the toil. Her emerald eyes deeper than the most verdant groves of the Holly Isle. But, like always, tragedy wrapped its grim shroud around me; blame hangs heavy as structures I sing to life crumble, innocent lives lost. Banished again, carrying her love and an unborn life, uncertainty clouds our path but our love will keep us driving forward.

- Half-Burned Entry:
    - Returning home, clutching the seed with hope coursing through my veins, its promise slips away, consumed by the shadows of our fractured existence. Relentless scorn from her cuts deeply, etching scars into the tapestry of my soul as I searched frantically of for the missing seed. Frenzied, I claw at my flesh, desperate for the escape that eludes me. Darkness calls with a seductive embrace, and with determined resolve, I walk into its enveloping depths. Raging flame and dying light, the last thing I see...

- Tear Soaked Entry:
    - By the tranquil lake, our life becomes a melancholy fate. Our days revolve around dispensing her herbal remedies to the villagers of Oraci, with me spending hours wandering among the trees collecting the necessary ingredients. Yet, a silent bitterness infects our untarnished sanctuary. Beneath the surface, resentment festers, staining the fabric of our familial bond. Tonight, her confession breaks the silence—a love potion entwined us, saturating the air with the suffocating weight of what could have been.
```

- auri thinks mom has given love potion to dad
- samuel calls for dinner, hands out bowls of stew - darrel eats at end of dock (he did return for stew)
    - soup smells good, no mind control flowers? smells good
    - great sea serpent got trapped here since frog fell from the moon
        - alot of fish in shallows, bigger than usuall shallow fish
            - singel ripple with a fin (loch ness)
            - storm masters took ownershio of teh skies - cant share with birds
            - he delivers important messages to the front line
            - auri had human parents, auri is 70
- no need to go to omarachi because we found samuel
    - bring bird pepole back to general? they both died (dont watn to return to war)
    - auri presents a feather from derryl
- tarleigh hold is lawless place of aetherno
- auri fatehr was an elf banished from holly isle
- setting up camp
- norman puts a spell on verana and tells her to walk out of circle
    - she is undead/zombie
- dripper won battle with koromu by 1

## plans
- camp here, norman talk to birds one more time
- norman **20** vivi was escaping huel, dream shard in her gauntlet to portal
- beach episode next (fishing tournament)
- north to koliute - grimsby
- prime manor is in bruke
- dripper cloud court? flight is back?

- huelfryn: bring sample back to vivi
    - go to big town
    - pay off debt in bruke, on way back to prime manor

- find dream shard! piece of universe, dread can be unmade
    - vivi used one in her gauntlet to portal away from huel
    - aetheric shard -> magic shard
    - dream shard -> reality shard

## missions
- samuel the missing arokokra bird in angakkar (?)
    - (koromu) help with storm lord - captain winters, white feathers
    - (dripper) help with missing arakokra bird to have a way to tsisqua, court of clouds
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- **(huel) bring sample of all bloom to veevee**
- check on empty/vacant town
- who is bordes friend rupert?
- take shaza el doll to city of dys
- (verana) elven population illness, elders are looking for 3 objects
    - moonshadow orchid petal, ghost essence, dragons tear quarts 50k g
- (koromu) needs to go past dragon wall
- (verana) why undead? no memories

## wiki links
- [city of angakkar](../lore.md#city-of-angakkar-eastern-dalstead)
- [all bloom](../lore.md#all-bloom)
- [agents of the all bloom](../lore.md#agents-of-the-all-bloom)
- samuel/sisek
