<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-IV" >[ACT IV]</a></h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-IV/24-02-14.md" >&larr; &nbsp; [Session 34]</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-IV/24-02-28.md" >[Session 36] &nbsp; &rarr;</a>
  </p>
</div>

# The Feast of Saint Carles
- session 35
- 2/21/2024

## recap
- samuel convinces derryl to stay with him at lake edge
- verana trapped in dome of undead
- **at auris parents cabin** with samuel and derryl, outside of angarkar, tarleigh hold

## notes
- today is feast of st carles holiday
    - no owrk eat lots of food
- large creature in the lake (loch ness)
- party making icecream for holiday
    - asking cows for milk
- magic cow teleporting around, doesnt want to be milked
    - named **milky white**
- kaneki finds piece of paper
- koromu looses lance in water
- norman fishing **20**
    - loses fish **1**
    - norman is pulled into the water
    - norman gets pulled to boss map
- cows unfriendly because we have weapons
    - do you have any tugor? old flesh cutters used to entice us with sweet treats
- auris stafff can produce honey, milk? - acid honey mayo oil wine
- party has infinite water, spagetti, and now milk
- going back to cabing to look for treats
- island rises out of water, steam is misting over water making it hot and swampy
    - "this fucking hurts ge tit out of me"
    - norman has a rod in his hand connected to the creature
    - eyes are clouded over, blind
- kith walks on water and removes fishing nline and a sword and he goes back down into water
- **gillius** was a good one wasnt he?
    - **tupper**, ghost apparition to verana
    - dragon turtle, stranded here 10k years ago, stuck in lake
    - shakes his hand and goes righ tthrough him
    - gillius probably saw the dawn of time
    - tupper died sitting on teh dock talking with gillius
        - watch over htis man, this dragon whhen teh captian came
        - he does not remember why he died
    - nautical tattoos, well groomed
- sunny day, a bit humid and muggy from dragon turtle steam
- normans beach outfit is full body long johns with buttons
- tupper **horizon zed** - ship on turtle back? no
- koromu reading a scroll
    - A map of a strange land that bears no resemblance to any known continent in Aeterno. In the corner is written "Beyond the Horizon's End… To my friend Tupper… Told you so you salty old bastard… Regards - **Sykes**"
- "always seeking the end of the horizon" waiting to find treasure
- he wanted to cross the **endless ocean**
    - no one has ever crossed
    - "where do you think i got that letter from? bastard found it"
    - how do you come back from the endless?
- tupper has been here 500 years
    - there was a pair of elves with a young baby with them
    - always seemed to have a dark storm cloud
    - hands verana old school nautical whistle, does not look like a whistle
- kith owes the turtle 12 gold?
    - pay turtle then go get mily white some snacks
    - auri and kith get cabbage from garden
- auri huel kith give milky white honey cabbage
    - "i know type like you" (fire genasi)
    - "they were here before, many colds"
- milky white eyes swirl as inky swirls pull into normans hand, curing gillius blindness
    - normans first true miracle
    - creature looks right at him focusing for the first itme in 5k years
    - "what have you done"
    - colors are vivid, it is spring, the trees bloom with vibrant colors
    - thank you man of robes
    - call upon me when in need, the one over there knows the sigils
- dripper and kaneki synchronusly catch the same fish the same way
    - mines bigger! (they truly are the same size fish)
- samuel and darrel say whos cooking dinner? its getting late (5pm)
    - norman tells kaneki there is a heros feast spell
    - kaneki cooks anyways
- ghost teleports to kaneki and eats delicious fish
- koromu wants a rematch fight with dripper
- tupper knew saint carles
    - fat bastard who ate alot of food
- shatterd islads - pirates
- kith show sword from turtle - blue dull cleaver
- blues cleaver - **sacks** son, found it at a bar with **luscious**
    - couldnt cut it ad pirates had to become land lovers
- verana re-life 2 weeks ago
- verana summoning spell for gillias

## plans
- heading to hyaro, possibly get a ship in port artoirious

## missions
- samuel the missing arokokra bird in angakkar (?)
    - (koromu) help with storm lord - captain winters, white feathers
    - (dripper) get flight back: help with missing arakokra bird to have a way to tsisqua, court of clouds
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- **(huel) bring sample of all bloom to veevee**
- check on empty/vacant town
- who is bordes friend rupert?
- take shaza el doll to city of dys
- (verana) elven population illness, elders are looking for 3 objects
    - moonshadow orchid petal, ghost essence, dragons tear quarts 50k g
- (koromu) needs to go past dragon wall
- (verana) why undead? no memories
- find dream shard, piece of universe, dread can be unmade
- hiyaro island: all bloom, meet himiwari

## wiki links
- [gillias](../lore.md#gillius)
- [tupper](../lore.md#tupper)
