<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-III" >[ACT III]</a></h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-III/23-10-11.md" >&larr; &nbsp; [Session 18]</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-IV/23-10-25.md" >[Session 20] &nbsp; &rarr;</a>
  </p>
</div>

# Shaza Els Deal
- session 19
- 10/18/2023

## recap
- flame of valor (huel and zaz)
- party asking questions to shaza el
- **at temple of shaza elmabad**  in desert outside takrati, taloa

## notes
- chrome asks where is the **city of dyss**
    - the crystal desert
    - stay away from teh cursed city it will destroy you and frineds
- dread/malakor destroyed with pure fire or **flames of valor**
- kaneki asks how to become god of death alongside goddess of death
- sari appears adn says we have something for shaza
    - norman, this one has what you want
    - he has teh seed from dys
    - a price must be paid for a question asked, do you pay for all?
        - seed in bag pulls him to the berrior
        - pushes seed back into bag
            - hand it over or enact payment
- what value does the answers to your questions have?
    - we will do anything to defeat teh dread
    - i see all of time it my curse
- verana owes payment
    - soul of brother in sword
- norman taken in by the cause of the dread, by harlet
    - she is not revered, caring for bastard child
    - no documentation of her creating
    - speak her name **Pura** (normans reverend mother)
        - cause for destruction
        - spits at verana
- sari asks for dark seed or pay cost
    - cost = 1 soul
    - morphs into large winged feathered serpent
    - "give him what he wants" mentally
- borde lost soul a long time ago
- what do you plan to do?
    - go back so she never died
    - will not take baston to the city
    - "you think me an enemy, but this never had to happen!"
- i was just a boy, baston came to my village to find city of evil
    - i had sauri she was pregnant and he offered gold
    - we were all cursed, some survived but changed
    - i could not see but i had knowledge of time
    - couldnt find a job
    - sari and baby starved to death
- what happened in city of dys?
    - we were consumed
    - woke - splittin pain blindess
    - what i had done was not right
- asking for power to undo mistake
- do not go to the **city of dys**
    - it is my burden to bear
    - i must undo my wrong
- you are a victim of tragedy but our mission is th esame you can rest
- they do not understand they must pay the price
- kaneki cooks, zazriel mourns traget story shared kneeling
- why do you rewuire souls?
    - your aether is absorbed by celetial
    - you become apart of them to feed **quatle** (sari)
- kaneki passes boundary to offer food
    - are you okay?
    - berrier blocks life
    - eats meat from kaneki
- norman prays to reverent mother
    - this man does not know what hes talking about
    - not saying dont trust him but all things are in my plan
- norman: what will become of us when you unmake time?
- bargain? 20 years
- i still myst return to the city
    - you must take me there, then it can be undone
        - must find the source
    - old, cannot make the journey alone
        - **desert of glass** will take more
    - i have heard the wisdom of reverend mother, may choose to trust you
    - **the war between air and sky**
        - why dripper does not fly
        - curse from king
- seed flys from normans bag
    - grabs it sticks his hand in chest pulls out black good and ruby
    - places seed in chest and heals
- gives us a gem, shrinks into small shirvveled doll
    - serpent nuzzles doll
        - you are bound by law now
    - he is innocent of the crimes
    - free from baston grimms corruption
- quatle dragon flys up and explodes into a million stars
- doors unlock
- we/kith take borde to the surface
    - cremate him? carry him?
    - huel levitates borde
        - black velvet/smoke shroud
        - extrodinary script of ebb
- norman: destination and cause!
- to the city of dys! desert of glass

- exiting dungeon on winds chorus
    - familiar "welcome to deadly lands where well take your blood whys you cross oir borders now were gonna kill you"
- gustovus at first level
    - surrounded by thousands of little mushrooms singing
- arakokras flying, grabbs each of us
    - stubby!
    - mushrooms grab onto us
    - all wearing aviators - bird army!
- flying to **cloud pillars**
    - secret base
- dripper was left behind

## plans
- follow bird army to pillar of clouds

## missions
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- check on empty/vacant town
- find harold greyson of the high pass (huel)
- who is bordes friend rupert?
- take shaza el doll to city of dys

## wiki links
- [City of Dys](../lore.md#city-of-dys-taloa)
- [Dread/Malakor](../lore.md#dread)
- [Sari](../lore.md#sari)
- [Shaza El](../lore.md#shaza-el)
- [Pillar of Clouds](../lore.md#the-cloud-pillars-taloa)
