---
layout: post
tags: [ ] 
chapter_title: chapter 10
chapter_url: ../chapter-10 
prev_title: 82
prev_url: ./2025-02-26 
next_title: 84
next_url: ./2025-03-12 
title: "Fight Club and Kareoke Night"
page_num: 83
date: 2025-03-05
---

## recap
- under giggleworks
    - giant foot hands imprint
    - project simian
    - sponsored by empire of dawn
- at beaumont manor **in city of demaah/Dimans**

## notes
- talk to lord barrow
    - rat catcher help because he is vigilante
    - send message to huelfryn zaz and koromu
    - talk to dr richmond?
- __ leaving to san serellia, soon when the city opens
    - osiris family?
- alexandra adopted? same orphanage?
- rat catcher? bounty?
    - think he did: steal spark powder recipe
    - know he did: tried to kill mosier therouz, tripped him
- break city lockdown and leave legally
- lord barrow
    - procures things for the royal palace
    - arietta demah /amaranthine at lord barrows house/bed
        - bingo/dot killed a bunch of people infront of us on day one
        - lucky and amaranthine is here
        - vendetta and bingo prob somewhere else
    - no cops
- city of night
    - alyra dusk shadow, good candidate for new leader of city of night
    - koromi post fight convo
        - the mystro?
        - we always need good bodies -5 finger jack boss, bren the butcher
    - bronte boys
        - trying to chase rat catcher bounty
- beaumont manor
    - arthas juggling acts for micha and dripper
    - lucky upcharged...
        - sewer
        - talk to butcher
        - talk to bronte boys
        - talk to city of night
        - talon killed batman and robyn
            - killing other corrupt vigilantes
            - temper the steel
    - become vigilantes
- fight club
    - bronte boys
        - in sewers
        - fight club
        - brought our supplies to storehouse then fought with them over the price
            - price gouging ..ind of misunderstanding
            - what role do they have in the underground of demaah?
            - taking orders from allyra(left town)
- karaoke bar -party
    - norman big enough by kiran j kallahan -opposites attract
    - 5 fingers on one hand and a club hand on the other
        - hangs out with the butcher?
        - giant goblin humanoid 5 finger jack
    - koromi single ladies
    - dripper original mission w huelfryn
        - huel had debts to the butcher of the city of night
        - dripper supposed to collect that money^
        - dripper is member of.. city of night
    - 5 finger jack, dripper micha
    - koromi got a note
        - wouldnt kill anyone unless we would see?
    - did candle jack live at the orphanage?
        - just get food sometimes?
    - dark smoke coming from thunderworks (normal)
- vilelliev and co cleaning brohters -micha
    - micha follows nickolai
    - yanny vann
    - nicolai seen giving donations
- art ratcatchers mom takes care of all the kids but not enough on her son

## plans
- dr richmond at collegium
- lore
    - helio system defense pocket dimension of umbral nexus where nocturne is
        - teleporter
        - the sun -> a star -> fire -> light
            - vox lumen
            - penelope carter randall marie ackerly
                - beam of light came down and swollowed them up
    - issac teleports in cracks in reality that produce light
    - foundation of magical
        - empire of stars/dawn
        - descendants?
    - star hoping/ travel between worlds timelines
- kill all the orphans so candle jack has no army
- osiris has 10k g
- find vigilantes, alezandra
- explore sewers
- takl to butcher through 5 finger jack

## missions
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- pursue candle jack
- persue rat catcher, 50k bounty no cops

## wiki links
