---
layout: post
tags: [ lore ] 
category: chapter-04 
prev_title: 38
prev_url: ./2024-03-13 
next_title: 40
next_url: ./2024-03-27 
title: "The Cartographers Guild"
page_num: 39
date: 2024-03-20
---   

## recap
- pirate games
- in **port artorious** ancorabay eastern dalstead

## notes
- racing around entire dock
    - kaneki super drunk cheering
- honu saves kith from falling into water
- auri produce flame on gunnar vile
- **silent sam** mumbles, wind picks up
- giant brawl across the pond
    - **ironfang crew** in a big brawl,
        - runs port artorious
    - **danger mouse crew**
        - **leila danger** dangerous woman
    - auri joins fight
- kaneki sees fishguts get out of water, cheating in race
- man with grey skin getting out of water
    - **oliver thislewick**
- kith beats honu in race
    - fish guts jumps on platform and says he is the winner
    - grabs trophy from lucky
- norman confronts fishguts
- cartographers guild
    - large stone building
- kaneki drunkenly mumbles pointing at the water **1**
- lucky is strangely sober now, whispers something to blue
    - fishguts is disqualified
    - winner is kith
        - large bag of 1k gold
- woman staring at huelfryn
    - muddy ask in skull pattern on face
- danger mouse crew leaving in shackles
- kith gets a mug and eye patch
- oliver thislewick living with father dominicus at the church?
    - cartographers guild
    - a cart shop, for some reason they only sell paper -kith
- coral avocado cathedral 1/5 in the world
- need to win race or we cant afford boat
- maybe we can find work with iron?  danger crew
    - doubt emanating from honu
    - honu ashamed of not getting 1st
- koromu asks to borrow kiths floaty
    - walter? the floaty has a name? he talks?
- handsome elliot not a good pirate but owns a boat so technically is a  captain
- black gut is goblins favorite drink, very toxic
- zazriel sees man fishing on dock
    - fishes on constellations reflections
    - sometimes the stars fall, and we can catch them
    - auri comes and asks
    - jenkins only other guy cardimum knew who had come back from edge of the world
        - jenkins has no tongue
    - hes a ghost - zaz hears what treasure do you seek
- pulls fishing rod, light is caught on fishing hook, hits her head and rolls inot her hand
- both holding jenkins dissipates into moats of light
- lodging at cathedral?
- going to hyaru? do any of yall know how to steer a boat? -koromu
    - me and my friend could steer your ship (koromu and honu)
- kaneki inds badger like creature infront of him, eyes go blue and kalv freezes in air and falls to ground
    - woman comes from shadows but he doesnt remember her, halo what the hell are you doing here?
        - **hallo** is kanekis experiment name
        - what do i call you and how do you know my name? dont wrory we have 5 min until kalv is back and well talk with im
            - do you not remember me hallo? (recognize her as **stitches**)
            - you technically freed us all on the back on **genesis**, his hard work
            - why do you do what she asks you to do?
            - youre not her slave anymore you can do whatever you want. stop it!
                - kanenki doesnt think hes a slave - we are free now!
                - but you continue to hunt us.. pls stop
            - kalv is her favorite son
            - they puff into smoke and kalv returns from ice
- party sleeps

- monkey and mushroom dog in manor are gone?
- dripper is in big casino in the sky
- koromu = splints

## plans
- run docks/finish pirate games
- norman tell cathedral about all bloom

## missions
- (koromu) who killed his family: help with storm lord - captain winters, white feathers
- (dripper) get flight back: help with missing arakokra bird to have a way to tsisqua, court of clouds
- (verana) elven population illness, elders are looking for 3 objects
    - moonshadow orchid petal, ghost essence, dragons tear quarts 50k g
- (koromu) needs to go past dragon wall
- (verana) why undead? no memories
- **hiyaro island: all bloom, meet himiwari**

## wiki links
- [port artorious](../lore.md#port-artorious-eastern-dalstead)
- [oliver thisselwick](../lore.md#oliver-thislewick)
