---
layout: post
tags: [ ] 
chapter_title: chapter 13
chapter_url: ../chapter-13 
prev_title: 117
prev_url: ./2025-12-14 
next_title: 119
next_url: ./2026-01-04 
title: "Jetsam and Dunland Point"
page_num: 118
date: 2025-12-21
--- 

## recap
- kith boat team
    - norman brokebeak arcadia in town
    - brokebeak has pike and rook
- at **port artorious**

## notes
- tams exports -arcadia
    - flotsam and jetsam -same distance as hope
    - not that hard to uncurse a boat.. get some incense and a priest
- corner market liqor store -brokebeak
    - 1g milkjug of borwn liqor
- boat -kith norman arryn arthas
    - back to decklins wake dock
        - "reddog charlie tango go now" pull out spools and take norman hostage
        - norman fear induced coma
        - confirmation captain rook is alive
            - "what is the worst food" kelp soup
- port artorious, requiems wake main deck
    - happy pirate reunion
    - what do they get out of crossing endless ocean
        - return from endless ocean to free wildmores
        - just vistiing sykes..
        - what deos sykes know about killing a god? hes a pirate captain
        - he knwos what happened to **tel rind** influence pier/tylos
        - downpayment 1000k gold for retirement
        - first picks on treaure and credit
        - 1000 cans salted fish reddog exclusive overfview, captainhood and orders unquestioned including firstmate tam
        - we get magic trinkets, they get gold wealth and fame
    - jetsam then corallie kay sea witch?
    - flip the boat? sail on the reverse ocean
        - whole boat? or part of the boat
        - glassworks in hope has blueprints
- jetsam, foating city made of drifwood and debris
    - half fish gilled people
    - crude fishing spears whatr do you want! tin fish. humans bad humnas hurt
    - ask zephelon why they took carmina and finn
        - fight myranees enavy...prison nreak pt 4
        - recapture rook? bait?
    - catch them before they get back to outside port artorious
- navy docks at fort on a rock off an island dunland point
    - come from land or waterr
    - remnants of ruins in the water
    - rescue carmina and finn stealthy first then charge in backup
    - combat
        - carmina at top of tower
        - arthas pheonix dive into all teh sailors
        - arryn norman tp inside wall, sneak attack guard
        - rook is on his way to rot in the black pit
            - me and carmina will marry and hell never get in our way again

## plans

## missions
- find captain sykes, at end of the world
- (how to kill a god) travel to piers dias and get flame of valor
- (how to kill a god) advice from captain sykes

## wiki links
-  
