---
layout: post
tags: [ ] 
chapter_title: chapter 13
chapter_url: ../chapter-13 
prev_title: 120
prev_url: ./2026-01-11 
next_title: 122
next_url: ./2026-03-01 
title: "Korali Cay and Captain Rook"
page_num: 121
date: 2026-02-16
---  

## recap
- seawitch is his mom?
- left flotsam back to Korali Cay
- ways to move forward
    - allie talked to Korali
    - what did rook do? put trash in her reef and wants him to clean up
- kith pridelands reveal in costa brava
    - originally from the pridelands and scooped up as an orphan by the church
    - memory flashback of a celebration of dancing and fighting and horse hooves
- attempt to uncurse boat
    - kith swore an oath to find decklins body in aton
    - more than a ghost haunting boat, interconnected spirit of the boat
    - helping find the body would be a great justice
- at beach **on Korali Cay**

## notes
- missing micha and huelfryn
- Korali cay beach
    - different aether colors, trash and piss
    - kith prestidigitation
        - hey! someone else needs to do that not you
- rooks house
    - i am not cleaning, it is below a king
        - king piss?
    - kith upbringing similar
        - no kid should be left on a rock for 3 days. so i pissed in her fountain
- beach
    - rook very slowly picking up trash like a child
    - arthas spearing trash and getting heckled from her
    - kith prestidigitation
    - norman splitting the waves, coral shows
    - bethmora control of the sea exchange
        - her eyes got very watery and looked away
        - letter from her husband captain sykes, knows how to get to the end of the world
        - coming back to collect his family? he knows how to kill a god
    - norman insulted her, stor of the oceans immunity and a bargain was struck
    - yes ill uncurse the ship, the pact has been done
        - glowing and fish swirl and faster and faster maelstrom torrent
        - decklin stop being a cunt and let them ride on your ship
    - need a new source of sand
        - trade sand for leviathan pearl?
    - one of the thralls hands kith a small fish bone
- requiems wake
    - heavy feeling is gone
    - you need spoons? pulls out 8 different spoons
        - these me walking 'round spoons
        - the ship was cursed? you didnt tell us the ship was cursed??
    - last we saw decklin was distressed, the collector?
    - mirko pours out brown, cup empties
        - echoing off waves in the sky, all things will be mine eventually
            - just a matter of time before you join the collection
    - aton
        - all the drowned men go to
        - the collector lives there
        - he has the body, the right to or control of decklins soul
    - you cant see the collector hell steal your soul!
    - kith offers to climb for pikes arm
        - how nimble is a giant kith?
    - talryn dying affected the ocean pact.. **talryn of the dread, god of revenge**
    - huelfryn identify what sand he needs
    - freeport in costa brava pridelands may have a library
    - flotsam said jetsam eats kids
    - bethmora and ocean divinity, the collector, cartographer library, shopping
- freeport
    - small fishing village outgrown its size
    - bustling dockside of rough pirates and beastmen
    - very few guards or police
    - large groups of beast kin in chains lead to a boat
        - one of them looks like kith
        - large slave trade port
    - crusaders bargaining
    - freedom and joy with a cloud of sadness and fear like vegas or dubai
    - cartographer symbol on a sign
    - one of the traders tries to take kith
- collins shop
    - old man almost blind, collins collectables and oddities
        - will ink my shop in the discord.. (adblokcer) my shop runs on ad revenue
        - **collin malooy** if the roughers give you trouble, stay away from here
            - 4 of them come up to use right outside the door
    - return to boat
    - kith feels like he was also scooped up by the crusader
        - this is how the church operates, differ from kith and norman
        - at home, silas has built the church not adventuring
    - kith **krashgun** has a note from free agent of pridelands has been taken
    - based out of empire of dawn
    - crusader templars were the ones bargaining
        - attacking the ship is direct to the church
- requiems wake
    - normans book
        - sky war between muses and birds and bird king
        - the muses are air? bird king was tempest?
        - **aeon was god of air** -elemental
        - dancer or painter
        - the painter was a paragon
        - two paragons with the bird king

## plans
- horizons end with huelfryn to pick sand
- or sansorellia

## missions
- free decklins soul from the collector in aton
- find captain sykes in Horizons End, knows how to kill a god
- find out how talryn died the last god to die
    - to kill taelos who has the flame of valor
    - flame of valor to destoy the dread
- return to red starholder woman in elysium
- talk to blue about sykes
- talk to nocturne about talryn
- find sand along the way

## wiki links
-  
