---
layout: post
tags: [ ] 
category: chapter-11  
prev_title: 135
prev_url: ./2026-06-14
next_title:  
next_url:
title: "Welcoming Party"
page_num: 136
date: 2026-06-21
--- 

## recap
- go to hwapteppen and kels
    - birds? city of paper (run by king fool)
- tylus under portious influence?
    - seem like friends partying, the pair is intelligent and strong
- become champions in t'avalon first
- in **t'avalon** on the lost island

## notes
- T'Avalon
    - arrived at strange island with mountain in the center
    - pristine bay
        - well built village at far end
        - long jetty with boats attached
        - no harbor authorities
        - town bustling with trade
    - **merryn** young woman with seagull carrying bag of books and quills
        - requiems wake, from Shattered Isles
            - welcome from across the ocean!
            - checked into the book
            - meet my father the **harbor master, wickem** -old wick
        - **salt jack** older man stern looking and disheveled
            - stops micha, stay peaceful or straight to the sea
- bining bills, first stand
    - earn trust with gold 5g
        - closed. be back later!
        - salt jack watches sternly
    - trade goods, market
- statue of man standing over and stabbing demonic beast in head with a spear
    - the greatest warrior
        - freed us from the dragon sand sent us across the oceans
        - paragon? fought dragon..
            - those among us that have powers greater than others
            - this was their greatest champion
            - dragon tyrant
    - not the king he once was
        - cloak was white, kato ra el /carter randall
        - kith and arthas know this was the man that tried to kill them in the shadow
            - younger but more war torn
            - the dread father!?
        - we have no dread here, tylos light drives them away
        - will this place be ok?
            - our warrior will return to us in a time of need
            - fortold in the harbor masters book
    - they call me **driftwood**
        - to appease the gods is to be foolish, to defy them is to be stupid
- welcome to **poseys pub**
    - good gossip from the ocean? from the mainland
    - went to aton
        - that aint real.
    - threw us a party, for everyone that docks
    - talk to **cut throat maeve**
    - our friend knows the harbor master
        - in his senile days, hes not napping hes just mad
- strange town vibes
- arcadia mirko
    - few enclosed house, condo on the beach
    - on the door says **captain queen: cutter maeve**
    - bonnie is passed out at the bar, wait until she opens the store again
    - 5% extra to see the shop rn
    - magical stuff
        - statues glowing w divine magic
        - sword and shield, lady in red, paint brush
        - tylos statue has offerings around it
        - 3 women dancing all different but generic
    - merryn stands infront of door
        - bring to my **fiance bram** at school
        - talk to gandpa harbor master maybe when he wakes up from his nap
            - a message from an old friend
- large statue of huntress with wounded deer, but no arrow
    - standing infront of deer
    - young woman with long braided hair tending to flowers and offerings
        - **the good wife, turn**
            - petunia planted by grandmother
            - i tend statue and plants
            - this one is my favorite, **silvus/seefa**
                - some say she was a witch, we knew better
        - all thanks to the harbor masters book recording all information ever and foretelling the tides
            - welcome to the book
            - like aton? idk what that is
- school
    - im **nib** were learning math rn
    - hob.. nib.. where is sparrow
    - new people, go find sparrow and bring him back to class
        - huel saw him at house with mirko bully
    - norman gives merryns fiance bram his lunch, thank you!
        - were getting married in the fall
        - he is from **itzli, city of brass**
        - i used to make the sacred brass of the city
        - i am in school i must learn, then i will go back to my forge
    - he is napping everyday. he is old.
- kid with broken captains hat and torn pirate gear
    - on the mainland is it true you eat eachother and 7 ft tall
    - captain sparrow the conqueror
    - **coral the witch** in the bay that keeps people from leaving
        - huel shows head of ox family crest he stole (from mainland.. ok dont believe you)
        - they eat eachother, pillars of fire, lakes of salt
            - my mom told me, shes from there.. lake salt town
- woman in blue gowns putting up hair
    - multiple ornate swords and travel bags
    - **Aoda of the Still Blade** still hand
- at harbor masters
    - message from sykes in aton
        - every horizons end is a new dawn
        - glad the old barnacle found something to stick to
    - sea witch wont let vessels out  
        - t'avalon is a place of safety and secrets
        - it is for us, she got rid of the fighting and makes sure none of that will return
    - this place was here even before we arrived/ war of dragon sages
        - like it was made for us, including the statues
        - everything as it was
        - all things foretold in the book
    - become champion of 3. cities , t'avalon
        - no champions here all are equal and free
        - everything we need from hwapteppen, it iss paradise
    - newcomers so rare good to welcome those who stay a long time
        - were not staying, you will know after the party all will be known
            - if you hate this place by the end of tonight you may leave
        - sail to other islands? the witch will break you on the rocks leaving the bay
        - going to party like its 804
- party
    - bram leaves
    - norman aoda
        - from kels city of stillwater
        - hallowd scribe that book to this copy book
            - prophetic book?
            - only island future? what else beside this island?
            - only he can see the contents
        - champion of kels? laughs and walks away
- raid
    - brass skin and tattoos with spears and axes
        - arthas says dont attack first
    - norman intimidation slap, who sent you!!
    - the **flame of the chosen one** the **brazen brazier**
        - dont know where we are
    - skin looks like its made of metal
        - huel heat metal?
        - everyones the same under the sun
        - follows of talos? fire resistance?

## plans
- bring sparrow back to class
- fight brass people raid camp

## missions
- champion of 3 cities
    - trial of ascent: up the mountain, gain the monks favor
- travel to piers lost island dias at the end of the world
    - to kill tylos who has the flame of valor to destroy the dread
- (how to kill a god) find out how talryn died the last god to die
