<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-V" >[ACT V]</a></h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-V/24-03-13.md" >&larr; &nbsp; [Session 38]</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-V/24-03-27.md" >[Session 40] &nbsp; &rarr;</a>
  </p>
</div>

# The Cartographers Guild
- session 39
- 3/20/2024

## recap
- pirate games
- in **port artorious** ancorabay eastern dalstead

## notes
- racing around entire dock
    - kaneki super drunk cheering
- honu saves ktih from falling into water
- auri produce flame on gunnar vile
- **silent sam** mumbles, wind picks up
- giant brawl across the pond
    - **ironfang crew** in a big brawl,
        - runs port artorious
    - **danger mouse crew**
        - **leila danger** dangerous woman
    - auri joins fight
- kaneki sees fishguts get out of water, cheating in race
- man with grey skin getting out of water
    - **oliver thislewick**
- kith beats honu in race
    - fish guts jumps on platform and says he is the winner
    - grabs trophy from lucky
- norman confronts fishguts
- cartographers guild
    - large stone building
- kaneki drunkenly mumbles pointing at the water **1**
- lucky is strangely sober now, whispers something to blue
    - fishguts is disqualified
    - winner is kith
        - large bag of 1k gold
- woman staring at huelfryn
    - muddy ask in skull pattern on face
- dangermouse crew leaving in shackles
- kith gets a mug and eyepatch
- oliver thislewick living with father dominicus at the church?
    - catographers guild
    - a cart shop, for some reason they only sell paper -kith
- coral avacado cathedral 1/5 in teh world
- need to win race or we cant afford boat
- maybe we can find work with iron?  danger crew
    - doubt eminating from honu
    - honu ashamed of not getting 1st
- koromu asks to borrow kiths floatie
    - walter? the floatie has a name? he talks?
- handsome elliot not a good pirate but owns a boat so technically is a  captain
- black gut is goblins favorite drink, very toxic
- zazriel sees man fishing on dock
    - fishes on constellations reflections
    - sometimes the stars fall, and we can catch them
    - auri comes and asks
    - jenkins only other guy cardimum knew who had come back from edge of the world
        - jenkins has no tongue
    - hes a ghost - zaz hears what treasure do you seek
- pulls fishing rod, light is caught on fishting hook, hits her head and rolls inot her hand
- both holding jenkins disapates into moats of light
- lodgin at cathedral?
- going to hyaru? do any of yall know how to steer a boat? -koromu
    - me and my friend could steer your ship (koromu and honu)
- kaneki inds badger like creature ifnront of him, eyes go blue and calv freezes in air and falls to ground
    - woman comes from shadows but he doesnt remember her, halo what the hell are you doing here?
        - **hallo** is kanekis experiment name
        - what do i call you and how do you know my name? dont wrory we have 5 min until calv is back and well talk with im
            - do you not remember me hallo? (recognizz her as **stitches**)
            - you technically freed us all on the back on **genesis**, his hard work
            - why do you do what she asks you to do?
            - you renot her slave anyjmore you can do whatever you want. stop it!
                - kanenki doesnt think hes a slave - we are free now!
                - but you continue to hunt us.. pls stop
            - calv is her favorite son
            - they puff into smoke and calv returns from ice
- party sleeps

- monkey and mushroom dog in manor are gone?
- dripper is in big casino in the sky
- koromu = splints

## plans
- run docks/finsih pirate games
- norman tell cathedral about all blooom

## missions
- samuel the missing arokokra bird in angakkar (?)
    - (koromu) who killed his family: help with storm lord - captain winters, white feathers
    - (dripper) get flight back: help with missing arakokra bird to have a way to tsisqua, court of clouds
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- check on empty/vacant town
- who is bordes friend rupert?
- take shaza el doll to city of dys
- (verana) elven population illness, elders are looking for 3 objects
    - moonshadow orchid petal, ghost essence, dragons tear quarts 50k g
- (koromu) needs to go past dragon wall
- (verana) why undead? no memories
- find dream shard, piece of universe, dread can be unmade
- **hiyaro island: all bloom, meet himiwari**
- the butcher: all captains called to demmah
    - (huel) repay debt

## wiki links
- [port artorious](../lore.md#port-artorious-eastern-dalstead)
- [oliver thisselwick](../lore.md#oliver-thislewick)