# The Doctor
- session
- 2/28/2024

## recap
- feast of saint carles, chatted with cows
- heading to hyaro, possibly get a ship in port artoirious
- pulled sword with loot and somethinig on shoreline, ghost tupper patron of lake appears, gave verana a whistle
- **at auris parents cabin** with samuel and derryl, outside of angarkar, tarleigh hold

## notes
- verana eating, tastes nothign
    - kaneki dropped the ball on this meal! gross!
    - garbo magic food from norman
- ghost doesnt eat - couple hundred years
    - ate spectral food
- huel wants feathers from arakokras to fake death
    - they will send an army if they think we died
    - norman thinks its wrong to abandon post during war
        - they will not go back
- pursue all bloom forces in hyaru
    - told not go to there - told to meet someone there (two different peple)
    - kaneki plan? buy boat
        - port artorious
        - stop at the house? south-bruke
        - cathedral in port artorious
    - remember when the town was a fishing hut - then king came and changed - statue of king artorious - he was a child then
        - magesty was loud clumsey goofy with buck teeth
        - **high king artorious**
    - tells norman to loosen up
        - i cured a turtle of his blindess -folds his arms in protest
- milky white hanging out eating grass
    - the water is nice
    - small stream in pasture is muddy, this is nice and fresh
- party traveling to bruke
    - huel mission
    - house -indigo advice about verana
- gillias talk to tupper for sigils -verana has whistle gillias call
    - ride gillias to hyaru?
- tupper says ask cardimum
    - captain sykes - found horizons end
    - thought only one left - small **jenkins boy**, thought he was in port artorious, old now
- long rest
    - kith attunes to sword he pulled from gilliass neck
    - kaneki wants to sharpen rusted simitar (will not help)
    - huel attuning to spork
    - auri reaches out to deleria to ask about
        - impenitrable madness sheilding, cannot breach at this level
    - verana does not sleep
    - zaz and dripper workout
- kith pulls out overly large cleaver
    - blueish wave pattern, feels need to find something no one else has ever seen, that is the greatest treasure
- huel eats with spork and it feels right, best spork ever
    - not plastic(what is that?) carefully crafted and carved mother of pearl
    - feeling pulled into
- heading south out of orachi, throught th emountains past keso
    - auri is in labadan form -auri is giant snail from labadan
    - wildlife avoid large snails
    - shift back every 8 hours
- **in bruke, tarleigh hold**
    - huel mission - paying off interest
    - norman bank(no banks - make change)
        - buy something to make change
- last time were in bruke, it was in lockdonw
    - banners of king have gone black
    - very sad
    - very few people in streets, few shops
- koromu looking for inventor, **oliver thislewick**
    - he has flash powder
    - wares: smoke or flash grenades
        - koromu gets 2 flash
    - olly thislewick and co!
- norman
    - **father dominicus**
    - north tarleigh hold all bloom forces, sent word to church at **5 points**
    - what is your proof?
        - norman has a paper fan from himiwari
        - (zaz has moonrise iris specimen)
        - make haste immediatly to port artorious, cathedral is quickest to main cathedral 5 points
- huel at tumnass light house to repay debts
    - the butcher told him to be back in a week
        - butcher left a week ago
        - called all captains to **demaah**
- norman wants to speak with kith, go to mansion then go back to father dominicus
- **at prime manor**
- auri vision
    - extreemly old elf with tree roots, giant cavern underneath moving blue skye
        - "please save me" reaches out old hand, in immense pain
        - auri
    - another figure comes pulling away vision "stay away"
- rest in peace captain ironwood
- troll is still fixing the bridge, maybe one new board put up
- prime manor has new paintings
    - elf shooting arrow at chimera
    - quatle dragon creature in temple
    - battle in swamp city
- gremlin in house?
    - flops ears to the side
    - skull cubone? wears skull of mother
        - looks directly at kaneki and shrugs in confusion
        - jumps across flame 
- norman asks cardimum to break platinum for gold
    - go fuck yourself
    - not trading my treasure, its mine
- kith shows cardimum cleaver from the neck of gillias the turtle
    - how to you get to the edge of the world?
        - go east! i guess you could go west
        - cant remember anyone going west, east is important
            - island with port avalon, sticks in the sand they call a dock
            - a lifetime journey, 1100 episodes or more halfway
- would you like to go sailing with us?
    - seek horizons end like captain sykes
    - i found it, so im not saying no, i want to see something new
        - boat to hyaru -that town was.. oof -lots of bad luck
        - stopping point for smugglers, melencholy place, rain kept falling, ships stopped coming
        - what to do on an island that is salted dirt
        - must be why evil all bloom is there, i dont know that
    - if you want to cross the ocean always remember the islands are not always on this side of the water (globe)
- folding boat - koromu
    - tag had 15 people 
- dripper knocking on kanekis locked door
    - kaneki ignoring
- dripper has telepathic spell within 1 mile 
    - ~~talks to dog in llivingroom~~ kalvenaugh
    - very interesting, you can talk to me...
    - how many times have you died? dripper non
        - then how do we know eachother? thats why im asking you
        - ive been here the whole time, tosses a black dice into the air like a coin
        - whats your name? im dripper, not anymore. 
            - steals his name
            - **dripper -> gertrude**
            - trying to think kalv is laughing
                - one of the lords of the 9 great hells
                - snaps and gives name back
    - not my monkey not my circus
    - what did you call me? LORD kalvenaugh - dripper backs away
- goes back to kaneki door
    - kaneki open up! we all see him! 
    - imp looking guy downstairs - thats huel bought a monkey
    - kalv been here the whole time, don tyou see me talking to him?
    - first he wanted me to kill auri, then dog
        - he owes a debt, if he wishes of the powers of her left hand he must prove himself
    - you have not please the mother in quite some time
- kaneki opens door and sees woman
    - skylar his wife - im not his wife he trapped me here hes an evil evil man
    - indigo keeps the key around his neck
- baston grimm planes of tattarus
    - my fatehr would have lives out of spite
    - look what he did to me an dmy brohters
        - holds his hand out and turns to smoke then turns back
- the all bloom
    - theyre not supposed to be in this timeline
    - indigo storms off after shuffling sigils on the map
- tonight we have a feast, the master is coming home
    - **doctor randall**
- cumin cooking - master home soon! delicioso! cooking overdrive
    - kith cuts her finger **1**
- auri 
    - he made the song, the vibrations - core magic
- norman telling indigo about verana    
    - cumin has also died and returned with weird powers
        - indigo grimm second eldest of grimm brothers
        - i brought you all here
- kaneki has a map- havent seen it ini years - avalon starnge island with big mountain in center
    - its at the edge of the world
    - the treasure is going somewhere no ones ever been before
    - go past
- doctor randall enters dinner late
    - hair ice white long jacket shifting with alchemy sympbols eternally adjusting themselves, long traveled individual
    - pure note whistled throught hte air
    - **calem randall**
- norman shares all bloom 
    - this is not on the timeline! 
    - etan (indigo), we cannot control things, thats what he tried to do
- dragon turtle also not seen for ages
    - i knew him when he was a little turtle pup
- dripper wants his flight back
- norman says everything we do is  a step toward saving the world
    - teh world has ended before, dont sweat it
    - so the world is ending? asks norman whats in the book
    - essentially the rapture
        - father failed to contain
    - i have seen the begining and the end, i was there
    - friends call me the **trubadoor**
        - may also go by **ezok**? or **caelis**
        - i have had many names
        - not a god- those guys are assholes, stubborn as mules
        - he gave it(?) to him?
            - the ability to stop the dread?
            - combined power of previous gods
            - do you mean the dream shard? of course not
                - pure fire? much easier to come by than a fabric of reality
                - unfortunatly my flame was taken, i gvae it to him, he wont give it back
                    - **pier** of course, the sun

## plans
- head to port artorious, buy a boat, sail to hyaru

## missions

### individual
- koromu: storm
    - find derryls missing arakokra bird samuel- that killed his family, in exchange for help (koromu storm help) and info
    - captain winters, white feathers
- koromu needs to go past dragon wall
- dripper: get flight back
    - needs derryls missing arakokra bird samuel- to have a way to tsisqua, court of clouds
- verana: mystery illness in elven population
    - moodshadow orchid petal
    - ghost essence
    - dragons tear quarts 50k g
- verana: why undead?
- huelfryn: bring sample back to vivi
    - go to big town
    - pay off debt in bruke, on way back to prime manor

### general
- find dream shard! piece of universe, dread can be unmade
    - vivi used one in her gauntlet to portal away from huel
- hiyaro island: all bloom
    - sexy tree man himiwara said hed meet us there in his dying breath?
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- who is bordes friend rupert?
- take shaza el doll to city of dys

## wiki links
