
<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI" >[ACT VI]</a></h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI/24-10-09.md" >&larr; &nbsp; [Session 67]</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI/24-10-23.md" >[Session 69] &nbsp; &rarr;</a>
  </p>
</div>

# The Fight Club
- session 68
- 10/16/2024

## recap
- fight club, familiar faces
- champion match this weekend big proze
- norman talked to a crazy lady to investigate missing children
    - birds on thier shirts and black robes
    - young ones in black? assuming students
- dropped emberlyn and janice off at the manor, kith visiting kids
- at underground fight club **in city of demaah/Dimans**

```text
-- retrieve wyrds from jukals managery --

Nimbus - "Nimbus is always full of energy and loves to play, especially with children. I bet he’s found his way to a playground or a park. If you hear the giggles of kids or see little sparks of lightning dancing through the air, he’s probably close by." 
    -> last seen in astrolabe

Bumble - "Bumble can’t resist causing a bit of trouble. I've heard from my trips to the the Collegium Arcanum that the students have been complaining about strange pranks and missing items. I’d wager Bumble is behind it, having the time of his life!"
    -> with cletus

Tiny - "Tiny has a strange fondness for cleaning up decay, which means he’s likely wandered into some dark, forgotten corner of the city. Look in places where death lingers—graveyards, abandoned buildings—he’ll be quietly trying to make things right."
    -> could be in the house of white (graveyard)

Jeremy - "Jeremy could literally be anyone by now—he’s a master of blending in. But one thing hasn’t changed: he’s always been drawn to a good story. If you’re looking for him, try places where tales are told and secrets are shared."
    -> use elliots nonstop story telling to lure jeremy?

Bluebell - "Bluebell’s love for music is well-known, and there’s no doubt she’s found herself lost in the melodies of the city. She’s probably near a place where the arts thrive, but remember, she can’t be far from water. Keep your ears open and follow the music—you might just find her."
    -> suspect: the mystro stole bluebell from fountain

returned:
- basal and blossom: found with sugar cookies

collected: 
- (arthas) elliot: found with stories in sylvan  

```

## notes
- kith visited kids, no shay today
- osiris trying to figure out how he died
- in the fight ring, transformed guests from the ball
    - leotard guy rip off arm repeatedly stabs large guy, he doesnt seem to care
    - norman is it to the death? arm gets ripped out of the socket
- why don tyou come sit at our table koromi - lucky and purple mask
    - no because you were there, no i wasnt,if we were there we would have saved thousands of poeple- purple mask sitting with lucky
- koromi back at table with micha and koromi
    - they claim they were not at the ball,
    - micha thinks they were dressed in citizen clothes and dont want to give away identity
    - koromi -arent all hmans wise? crickets
- osiris asking boyo
    - oh! party man what are you doing here
    - do you come here often? shifty looks to the girl on his right, "nooo not much at all.."
        - find someone that was frequent here 3 years ago
        - flourence you cant get in teh ring its death, i dont acre i dont want to live anymore
            - dead husband? one osiris just marked for death
        - find a captain, but can only find them if you respoect them
- armed to the teeth men, kito sits and puts his hand up
    - what do you want
    - took out the bronte boys pretty well
    - ive got some friends who could use some help, work
        - who told you not to toe my pond??
        - he is very ugly, scarred beat up old meat, patchy beard and wiry hair "not great red color"
        - thinking of coming to champion night, mayb eill see you at the end
    - kito sito captain on city of night, man in black, leader of contenders -bingo
        - kito vs the butcher
- osiris buys bigno a drink for 100g
    - bingo grabs papers from koromi writing notes  
    - koromi fails at trying to take them back
    - rigid says "dont worry sire i remember it all"
    large man in cheeta leotard, ripping small guy inhalf bu the legs
- micha asking bingo if she knows anything about rat catcher
    - says she was not at the ball
    - government reward for ratcatcher, dutchess 30k gold growns
        - not recast gold - caladon mint, state treasury
    - im not a vigilante, just a costumed freak
        - norman hint - children were looking for walked towards emerald(feather?) downs
- osiris group up w party
    - find kids
- crazy old wizard [arch mageus] cletus hut -norman arthas arryn pip
    - door si shut but teres a fire and chimney inside
    - bumble? bumble not here, no bumble
    - hoping to ask about- cletus steps out in a towel covered in soap
    - collegium might be best place to translate dragon tablet
        - arch maegus **krondis randall** head of ancient magic and archivist
            - ever since his son ran away he stopped teaching, just sad all the time
            - issac randall gave us this tomb
            - no ones seen dragons, must be a con
                - norman thinks he gave us the tomb with the purpose
        - cletus towel sinks and arthas covers pips eyes
        - lets see where that celestial magic gets ya when your god stops talking to ya
            - norman feels colder, a little bit more alone in this world
- bring them down make sure they are on tight -weird voice from behind the door
    - parrotin gwhat people sadi at teh scene of a crime?
    - pool is completely calm, statues is founder of collegium
        - man made to look natural
        - norman teslls arthas i am recieving a deivine signal fro beneath this body of water
            - juniper must be somewehre in teh city center
            - periodic sewer access points
        - norman thinks ario speedwagon has seen alot of the city and must have some intel
            - phones are still at home, osiris has the burner phone
- party suddenly surrounded by erchins
    - erm guys -arthas
    - yove been requested. the boss, follow us
    - candle jack talking to koromi
        - now you owe me one
        - SHUT UP OLD MAN @norman
        - his hair sparks with fire, disapears and lights normans robe on fire
- find juniper in sewers? divine essence came from beneath the collegium pond, felt fear and aniety
    - city destitute and city of night operations
        - when kito sito said he had work, likely related
        - if caught with no papers, mutant rejects, city of nihgt, city of demaah will crush you
        - rigid candle jack responsible for over 10k warehouse fires all over dalstead
            - rigid wants to report back to caladon, way out of mission scope
                - investigate hope dread, return a fortnight ago, must return to council
- at feather downs
    - norman confused why were here, did we get permission to go in sewers? SHHH
    - we ar enow looking for candle jacks erchins to ask for a job
    - micha says brb and enters an open door, behind a curtain is unfathomable ammount of candles
        - start to spark and theres a single person there
        - she is dressed in a long flowin g blue robe
        - robe shifts like water
        - from a hood that covers their whole face down to their nose
            - womans voince says you can undo it all if you want to, is that youre desire
            - everything, we can go back to the beginning
            - when was your beginning? i am tired of your games
                - big hook pulls her out of the house and the building decays in to old decrept building
    - micha returns covered in dust, has not been gone for any ammount of time to the party
        - did micha leave? you said brb?
        - youre all insane
        - pip knows the nature of time, people dont jsut lose time.
            - micha just lost time? something or someone would cause that
            - time/cosmic portals could be anywhere
                - past of time jumps and loops, stuck in time or fallen through time like honu
                - time is fickle but constant
    - candle jack, thorn in my side that could be removed
        - the champion fight, chrimson/kito sito is put himself in the final round
            - these battles are to the death
        - who will fight
            - one on one, could be battle royal
            - norman is a wanted man? koromi is law enforcement, report to police?
                - authorities have never helped
            - accurate blue prints from old workers?
- long rest
    - norman prayer
    - micha sneaking out with koromi
        - micha first met shadow/shada? yelling up to the gryphon
        - i get how you feel, pain sorrow
        - looks at her with yellow eyes, micha hears in his head what do you know about me or pain
            - what do you know about losing it all
            - i am grey beak terror of thunderskies
            - i am a destroyer i am renound among the thunder strikers, always on point always on target
                - i will eat every rat (jonsie is fucked)
                - the guy that killed you master is the rat catcher
                    - seh flys away
- in the morning we all get a message
    - Monkey See, Monkey Do… I wonder what the Giggle's are hiding beneath their strange colored smog? Who are our friends? Who are our enemies? #EmpireSpiesEmpireLies #WhatDoesTheDuchessKnow #WatchItBurn #RotAndDecay
    - img of mr giggle meet and talking with mr piero
        - koromi and micha are in teh photo

## plans
- stitches(had a badger) was with boyo bronte -kaneki enemy?
- shopping

## missions
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- check on empty/vacant tikrati town
- find dream shard, piece of universe, dread can be unmade
- (norman) take shaza el doll to city of dys
- (~~verana~~ zaz/huel) elven population illness, elders are looking for 3 objects
    - moonshadow orchid petal, ghost essence, dragons tear quarts 50k g
- (pip) find automitrons from prime manor, made by issac randal
- **(arryn/arthas) translate isac randall's dragon scratch tablet with twilights council in demah**
- **recovver the Jukal's missing wyrds**
    - (arryn) find bluebell in the mystros theater
- **attend the dutchess masquarade ball at cloud palace**
- locate the orphans from isle of roses loose in demaah/dimans
    - ask erchins candle jack about orphans
- (pip) uncover what "organic conduit" the metalrgy is using for crystals

## wiki links
