#

- session
- 3/20/2024

## recap

- pirate games
- in **port artorious** ancorabay

## notes

- racing around entire dock
    - kaneki super drunk cheering
- honu saves ktih from falling into water
- auri produce flame on gunnar vile
- **silent sam** mumbles, wind picks up
- giant brawl across the pond
    - ironfang crew in a big brawl,
        - runs port artorious
    - danger mouse crew
        - **leila danger** dangerous woman
    - auri joins fight
- kaneki sees fishguts get out of water, cheating in race
- man with grey skin getting out of water
    - **oliver thislewick**
- kith beats honu in race
    - fish guts jumps on platform and says he is the winner
    - grabs trophy from lucky
- norman confronts fishguts
- cartographers guild
    - large stone building
- kaneki drunkenly mumbles pointing at the water **1**
- lucky is strangely sober now, whispers something to blue
    - fishguts is disqualified
    - winner is kith
        - large bag of 1k gold
- woman staring at huelfryn
    - muddy ask in skull pattern on face
- dangermouse crew leaving in shackles 
- kith gets a mug and eyepatch 
- oliver thislewick living with father dominicus at the church?
    - catographers guild
    - a cart shop, for some reason they only sell paper -kith
- coral avacado cathedral 1/5 in teh world
- need to win race or we cant afford boat
- maybe we can find work with iron?  danger crew
    - doubt eminating from honu
    - honu ashamed of not getting 1st
- koromu asks to borrow kiths floatie
    - walter? the floatie has a name? he talks?
- handsome elliot not a good pirate but owns a boat so technically is a  captain
- black gut is goblins favorite drink, very toxic
- zazriel sees man fishing on dock
    - fishes on constellations reflections
    - sometimes the stars fall, and we can catch them
    - auri comes and asks
    - jenkins only other guy cardimum knew who had come back from edge of the world
        - jenkins has no tongue
    - hes a ghost - zaz hears what treasure do you seek
- pulls fishing rod, light is caught on fishting hook, hits her head and rolls inot her hand
- both holding jenkins disapates into moats of light
- lodgin at cathedral?
- going to hyaru? do any of yall know how to steer a boat? -koromu
    - me and my friend could steer your ship (koromu and honu)
- kaneki inds badger like creature ifnront of him, eyes go blue and calv freezes in air and falls to ground
    - woman comes from shadows but he doesnt remember her, halo what the hell are you doing here? 
        - **hallo** is kanekis experiment name
        - what do i call you and how do you know my name? dont wrory we have 5 min until calv is back and well talk with im
            - do you not remember me hallo? (recognizz her as **stitches**)
            - you technically freed us all on the back on **genesis**, his hard work
            - why do you do what she asks you to do?
            - you renot her slave anyjmore you can do whatever you want. stop it! 
                - kanenki doesnt think hes a slave - we are free now! 
                - but you continue to hunt us.. pls stop
            - calv is her favorite son
            - they puff into smoke and calv returns from ice
- party sleeps 
- auri 

- monkey and mushroom dog in manor are gone?
- dripper is in big casino in the sky
- koromu = spits?

 

## plans

- run docks/finsih pirate games
- norman tell cathedral about all blooom

## missions

### individual

- koromu: storm
    - find derryls missing arakokra bird samuel- that killed his family, in exchange for help (koromu storm help) and info
    - captain winters, white feathers
- koromu needs to go past dragon wall
- dripper: get flight back
    - needs derryls missing arakokra bird samuel- to have a way to tsisqua, court of clouds
- verana: mystery illness in elven population
    - moodshadow orchid petal
    - ghost essence
    - dragons tear quarts 50k g
- verana: why undead?
- huelfryn: bring sample back to vivi
    - go to big town
    - pay off debt in bruke, on way back to prime manor

### general

- find dream shard! piece of universe, dread can be unmade
    - vivi used one in her gauntlet to portal away from huel
- hiyaro island: all bloom
    - sexy tree man himiwara said hed meet us there in his dying breath?
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- who is bordes friend rupert?
- take shaza el doll to city of dys

## wiki links

