
<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI" >[ACT VI]</a></h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI/24-12-18.md" >&larr; &nbsp; [Session 74]</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI/25-01-01.md" >[Session 76] &nbsp; &rarr;</a>
  </p>
</div>

# The Grates
- session 76
- 1/22/2025

## recap
- sword is cursed?

## notes
- arthas cast zone of truth to discern if sword is cursed
    - presence of cursed artifact mroe important to arthas than group
        - zone of truth to discern if osiris is telling the truth
- osiris finds luscien on a couch, taken care of but sleeping
- interrogate him in the morning -injured
- koromi night time recompile, surge moving uncontrolled then falls to the floor paralyzed
- right before eyes go black shutoff yes no hovers over yes and kormi shuts off
    - dont know how much time has passed, no memories ocular open proceess return to normal restarting criticl failure
    - tough to move but imrpving, not in good shape
    - sub process going haywire, i cant stop it i dont have hte permissions
    - giggleworks software updates?
    - full restart -8hours recomple piece by piece
    - in the morning koromi remembers
- ms cherrum breakfast custom each
    - kith pancake eggs smile
    - osiris black coffee
    - norman
    - micha whip cream
    - arthas omlette with 12 eggs
    - arryn french toast
    - koromi?
    - pip? missing
- on the floor pip is crumpled in a pile, no light or aether flows from him
    - rigid plugs into pip shakes violently
        - rigit falls and continues to humm and thrumm
    - bring pip to giggles
        - koromi sets pips hat aside
        - pip is out of service
        - pip only one capable of calling pips dad -issac
            - fighting the guy? mr storm hawk
- DRIPPER has been sitting on a bench since awoken
    - city of birth but from a different world
    - saw a gutted place abandoned by people quickly, watch door
        - first people hes seen in two hours
        - burn marks on beak
            - osiris knows shadow marks
            - norman and kith recognize dripper
            - dripper died kissing a sucucbus in the evil manor
                - kaneki took him to his 'mother'
    - giggle works has pip info and koromi info -gave empire of dawn war machines?
        4897666
    - wheres kaneki? what is hope?  
- luscious asleep on couch
    - osiris? you were burned what the hell?
    - tried to off yourself we reversed that -why would you do that?
        - get out of my life
        - osiris hears "give me your paaaiinnnn"
    - black ichor stems from the cut gargling
        - youre always a piece of shit and dies as blood soaks couch
        - osiris hears in his head "mmmmm feels wonderfuahahahah"
    - arthas walks in on them cleaning up black ichor and turns around to leave
- norman dripper arryn
    - already leaving the house
- koromi knocks on feather downs -arthas micha osiris
    - not open yet
    - 8 kids surround kith asking for candy "ms cherrum has candy"
- at whitehouse for meeting with mr pale /death -norman arryn dripper
    - mishroom man spinning a mycilium blanket
    - where people go to die -strange boils all over face
    - woman in center in all white ornate dress
        - norman appt after inquiring about a letter
        - i am here to hel p you find a trueer path
        - were you the one who sent me thisl etter? my agents by the asking of my misteress
    - norman lays in bed
        - norman feels hitpoints draining
        - you norman have been lied to
        - what truth would you show me? whatever you would like
            - the truth about the reverend mother?
                - pledge yourself to me norman and i shall share all the truths you desire
                - me **seline** the goodess of the moon truth revelaer and seeker
                - do not let her lies cloud your judgement you deserve the rtruth
        - norman removes the blood letting from his arm and rises from the table
            - room shocked hes rising
            - all the nurses pull uot huge needles and bonesaws "OUT!!"
    - norman hears "all is within my plan child"
        - the familiar words of the mother
- arthas shopping
    - arthas asks change for a coin
- dripper is completely fine -shadow tattoo marks on his leg
- koromi gives norman mithril
    - no disadvantage on dex or stealth

## plans
- kill candle jack? (peter pan)
- opera
- find amaranthine? 
    - lord barrow/lucky hanging out alot
    - we know where he lives
- 8 hours to get brightsteele to candle jack
- micha -tierson blacksmith, help with candle jack
- seline -knowlege moon and death
    - page of her book is in the collegum
    - tortured dripper
    - kanekis patron
    - goddess of death, created the place in the veil
    - wife of licious black, director of nocturne
    - vox lumen is voice of light, under control of seline to open the veil and reintroduce magic/knowledge reveling the truth
    - 9 tablets 9 dragon songs -shes demi god of principle? not a dragon she defeated the dragsns diring war with the celestials
        - she is one of the first celestials
        - helped found nocturne universe fbo
        - locked away in tartearus cannot return through the veil
- who killed osiris?
    - osiris was shit friend and had no firends, kiled by them because he was a pos
    - nameless bloodmatch with no records
    - if your purpose if finding this peroosn and you cannot, what is your purpose?

## missions
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- check on empty/vacant tikrati town
- find dream shard, piece of universe, dread can be unmade
- (norman) take shaza el doll to city of dys
- (~~verana~~ zaz/huel) elven population illness, elders are looking for 3 objects
    - moonshadow orchid petal, ghost essence, dragons tear quarts 50k g
- (pip) find automitrons from prime manor, made by issac randal
- **(arryn/arthas) translate isac randall's dragon scratch tablet with twilights council in demah**
- **recovver the Jukal's missing wyrds** 100g each
    - (arryn) find bluebell in the mystros theater
- (pip) uncover what "organic conduit" the metalrgy is using for crystals

## wiki links
