
<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI" >[ACT VI]</a></h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI/24-01-29.md" >&larr; &nbsp; [Session 78]</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI/25-02-12.md" >[Session 80] &nbsp; &rarr;</a>
  </p>
</div>

# The Grates
- session 79
- 2/5/2025

## recap
- magnum opus hall
- dripper listening in after hours
    - crying lead, arietta
    - disposed of luciens body
- source of singing voice is up by balcony
- dripper left his dagger under the stage
- hiding out after hours -dripper micha

## notes
- tea house candle jack
- retyrn for rehearsals and tailor
- hand over metal?
    - could be on the hook from him later on
    - trap if we dont return the metal?
    - turn him in, but the cops are corrupt
    - bounty? kidnap
- what is life without a disguise
    - norman has negative deception
- operah house after hours -micha dripper
    - dripper **1** calls tuba a french horn
    - micha sees water
        - bluebell says she wasnt supposed to talk to anyone
        - "so i can keep singing"
        - doesnt knwo about adrietta /other singer
    - a little cramped (in a vase) misses her lake
        - friends and familly in teh tarlieh hold
            - hope town in tarlei
        - adventured came adn drained the lake and put me in a lake
        - that wasnt us was it?... -norman
    - doesnt like the pot or the bucket, can be big or small
    - micha slight of hand **20** secures the bucekt rope knots
    - micha slight of hand **20** drops it perfectly in drippers arms
- beaumont estate
    - kith overeating ms cherrum pancakes
    - dripper brings the bucket around the house, doesnt knwo the place or who arryn is
    - online bounty information o nthe tablets
        - internet bad because rat catcher can see everything
        - 50,000 gold for candle jack bounty
        - koromi go alone
        - norman also wanted criminal, and kith assistant
            - i will see to it our names are cleared of charges
- 3 hours out from candle jack deadline
- koromi going to police station
    - inspector hollovan kk 3rd precinct

- arietta
    - dripper
    - balcony overheard shes adopted
        - somehow linked to the orphanage
- koromi walk into 3rd precinct
    - receptionist, talk to someone about a crime
    - hold please, reads some and shuffles papers around...
    - police skeptical that the rat catcher was at the ball
    - maybe a few guys to collect candle jack
        - no too dangerous, get protectino and get out of city
        - 3 hours before he starts killing people i love
            - give him what he wants
            - tell us where hell be and you leave the city
        - most wanted criminal on the continent and didnt kill you
            - anyone who plays his game always loses
            - the street is about preserving life
            - if you and your friends go into this meeting he will kill you
    - teahouse 3 hours from now, marge call the whole force
        - secretary calling everyone on switch board
- inspector listenes, dont show up to teahouyse, too dangeroous
    - plannign a raid?
- dripper micha setting up across from the tea house
    - dripper **1** stealth, standing alone while micha is on the roof
- flames and sparks pour out and a blinding flash of light
    - men screaming goes quiet
    - 6 or 7 guards are escorting candle jack out in handcuffs
    - watch them take him striaght to 1st precinct
    - urchin gives micha a note
        - `"You’re worried about the flames? Oh, sweet thing, you’re thinking too big. It’s the tiny things that getcha. A whisper in the dark. A knife in the ribs. A single little spark that starts the whole city burnin’."`
        - `"See, fire’s predictable. You set something on fire, and it burns. Boring. But sparks? Sparks are little troublemakers. You never know where they'll land, what they'll catch, or who they'll ruin. Just like me."`
- giggle works was cleaned out/ emptty
- taking kids unconsious pip and brightseel
    - take it to tierson? blacksmith in slagrow
    - ms cheerum wants to keep the kids
- leave city?
    - came here for dragon tablet ranslation,sell wine to get in
    - getting to ebonguard is tough, rescourses help info
    - rat catcher, candle jack, wyrds, gryphon calvary, vigilantes, cletus the collegium
    - 50k could hrire an army
- stay in city
    - find out what happens to candle jack, stay for execution?
    - persue rat catcher, 50k bounty no cops
- liera whispers dusk shadow
    - take out candle jack and rat catcher, chopping up city of night
    - good job giving him to the police
- koromi lays in bed, the candle relights
    - snuffs it out again adn goes back to sleep, light stays out
    - was than anomaly? ...
    - the journey to dyss by baston grimm
    - adventure book set off to find lost city
    - they all got shadow touched curse and infought grind group broke apart
    - baston left eveything behind head to isle of dead men to start a new school of magic unafraid of the dread
    - no noe will find me again
    - isle fo dead men exiled prisoners to die, some survive and have built a small city
    - no nes alowed to leave, come in on prison ships
    - record book of mages at collegium that have gone missing
    - demaah
    - young victor demah
    - climed high up on platoue saw gryphons flying they must be near food or water
    - found the erd tree adn the grypohns, became friendly and made calvary and attarcted peopl eto the city
    - important fighitn gempire of elves lineage in empire
    - rightgs and lands granted by the king
    - forward thinker always making demah metropolitan capitol and including collegium
        - learning discovery heritage and o=honro
    - pass news station, candle jack disapears in the night
    - missing from
    - melted candle wax
    - ~~micha~~ ~~michael~~ bichael
- take out candle jack
- koromu was an echo knight
    - candle clone melted in cell?
    - where is candle jack

## plans
- stay in demaah

## missions
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- check on empty/vacant tikrati town
- find dream shard, piece of universe, dread can be unmade
- (norman) take shaza el doll to city of dys
- (~~verana~~ zaz/huel) elven population illness, elders are looking for 3 objects
    - moonshadow orchid petal, ghost essence, dragons tear quarts 50k g
- (pip) find automitrons from prime manor, made by issac randal
- **recovver the Jukal's missing wyrds** 100g each
- (pip) uncover what "organic conduit" the metalrgy is using for crystals
    - giggleworks cleaned out/empty

## wiki links
