
<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI" >[ACT VI]</a></h3>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI/25-02-26.md" >&larr; &nbsp; [Session 82]</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/h-griffin/dnd-notes/blob/main/grimmhaus/act-VI/25-03-12.md" >[Session 84] &nbsp; &rarr;</a>
  </p>
</div>

# Fight Club and Kareoke Night
- session 83
- 3/5/2025

## recap
- under giggleworks
    - giant foot hands imprint
    - project simian
    - sponsored by empire of dawn

## notes
- talk to lord barrow
    - rat catcher help because he is vigilante
    - send message to huelfryn zaz and koromu
    - talk to dr richmond?
- __ leavign to san serellia, soon when the city opens
    - osiris family?
- alexandra adopted? same orphanage?
- rat catcher? bounty?
    - think he did: steal spark powder reciper
    - know he did: tried to kill mosier therouz, tripped him
- break city lockdown and leave legally
- lord barrow
    - procures things for teh royal palace
    - arietta demah /amaranthine at lord barrows house/bed
        - bingo/dot killed a bunch of people infront of us on day one
        - lucky and amaranthine is here
        - vendetta and bingo prob somewhere else
    - no cops
- city of night
    - alyra dusk shadow, good candidate for new leader of city of night
    - koromi post fight convo
        - the mystro?
        - we always need good bodies -5 finger jack boss, bren the butcher
    - bronte boys
        - trying to chase rat catcher bounty
- beaumont manor
    - arthas juggling acts for micha and dripper
    - lucky upcharged...
        - sewer
        - talk to butcher
        - talk to bronte boys
        - talk to city of night
        - talon killed batman and robyn
            - killing other corrupt vigilantees
            - temper the steel
    - become vigilantees
- fight club
    - bronte boys
        - in sewers
        - fight club
        - brought our supplies to storehouse then fought with them over the price
            - price gouging ..ind of misunderstanding
            - what role do they have in teh underground of demaah?
            - taking orders from allyra(left town)
- kareoke bar -party
    - norman big enough by kiran j kallahan -opposites attaract
    - 5 fingers on one hadn and a club hand on the other
        - hangs out with the butcher?
        - giant goblin humanoid 5 finger jack
    - koromi single ladies
    - dripper original mission w huelfryn
        - huel had debts to the butcher of the city of night
        - dripper supposed to collect that money^
        - dripper is member of.. city of night
    - 5 finger jack, dripper micha
    - koromi got a note
        - wouldnt kill anyone unless we would see?
    - did candle jack live at the orphanage?
        - just get food sometimes?
    - dark smoke coming from thunerworks (normal)
- vilelliev and co cleaning brohters -micha
    - micha follows nickolai
    - yanny vann
    - nickolai seen giving donations
- art ratcatchers mom takes care of all the kids but not enough on her son

## plans
- dr richmond at collegium
- lore
    - helio system desfense pocket dimension of umbral nexus where nocturne is
        - teleporter
        - the sun -> a star -> fire -> light
            - vox lumen
            - penelope carter randall marie ackerly
                - beam of light came down and swollowed them up
    - issac teleports in cracks in reality that produce light
    - foundation of magical
        - empire of stars/dawn
        - desscendants?
    - star hoping/ travel between worlds timelines
- kill all the orphans so candle jack has no army
- osiris has 10k g
- find vigilantes, alezandra
- explore sewers
- takl to butcher through 5 finger jack

## missions
- find baston grimm
    - body in harbor of ebbonguard, dead mans island
    - spirit in planes of tartarus
- check on empty/vacant tikrati town
- find dream shard, piece of universe, dread can be unmade
- (norman) take shaza el doll to city of dys
- (~~verana~~ zaz/huel) elven population illness, elders are looking for 3 objects
    - moonshadow orchid petal, ghost essence, dragons tear quarts 50k g
- (pip) find automitrons from prime manor, made by issac randal
- **recovver the Jukal's missing wyrds** 100g each
- (pip) uncover what "organic conduit" the metalrgy is using for crystals
    - giggleworks cleaned out/empty

## wiki links
