---
layout: post
tags: [ ] 
chapter_title: chapter 3
chapter_url: ../chapter-03 
prev_title: 30
prev_url: ./2024-01-17 
next_title: 32
next_url: ./2024-01-31 
title: "Pancakes for Angakkar"
page_num: 31
date: 2024-01-24
---   

## recap
- going to auris grandma cabin or stay and defend town?
- frog man said they can hold down the fort
- got rid of huge hypnotic flowers, the huge party
    - 2 strange figures arrived a parasol of petals and samurai of flowing cherry blossoms
    - 2 days expect full obedience
    - auris parent house is 2 days ride north near arachi a lake
- **in angakkar** tarleighhold, eastern dalstead

## notes
- zaz wakes up from familiar nightmare
- pile of goods laid out "i couldnt do it anymore" (kenzie leaving for school)
    - veranas sword and money
    - silver gilded holly leaf - pendant of royal holly isle
        - ari takes it and hears motherly voices in her head "come home child"
    - 146 gold each
        - norman has not seen so much gold
- broken sword hilt
- mans voice saying reforge me make me stronger
- kaneki geos to cook
    - frogs waiting outside of kitchen
    - waiting for breakfast
    - 2 items
        - pickle jar with one pickle
        - can with a picture of a fat chef, says delicioso!
- kaneki makes coffee
    - makes fly cereal
    - they want pondcakes
- norman takes veranas note -forged?
- everyone goes to get pondcakes
- koromu stays in tree
    - sound of banging and clanging metal - frog says god dammit
    - automatic windows opening and closing
    - air conditioning? fans moving, unnatural lights in vaccuum tubes
- grab that bucket hurry! and the wrnchh -frog
    - throws the bucket on himself and wrenches it closed and smoke stops
    - little fucker messing with my machines
    - **merry**, she
    - **eldon** - eccentric mechanical frog
        - greatest adventurer in all of aeterno
        - mushrooms growing around, pots of liquid boiling, strange grass and pot of goo
        - giant bazooka on his shoulder
- south group sees kaneki serving pancakes to all frogs lined up
    - zaz helps kaneki prep ingredients
    - yells at auri to do something
- huel dripper kith norman watching auri zaz master cheffing for kaneki as line og frogs grow
    - yakatory stand?
    - chief is not around
- huel sees derryl on bank looking into water
    - steals rice from kitchen?
- auri had something to do north?
    - alino told auri quietly,
    - stay and protect frogs then go to the house
- one guy fishing and whistling
- kith and dripper see
- koromu joins behind line, yells behind! corner!
- wrapping up service, hundreds of frogs
    - large village and only 12 frogs came
- defenses? traps?
    - somewhere to go nearby? alino says theres a home 2 days travel where auri was found as a kid
- norman - 2 evil entities
    - dread
    - all bloom - ragnorok
- duty compels me to investigate these agents of the all bloom
    - norman stays with kith to capture and interrogate
    - kudas thoughts?: thinks they stink (smelly doodoo head)
- dog? dog is following us "calvenaugh/calv"
    - kaneki cooks him delicious kibble meal
    - argues and he makes another of the exact same
    - we cannot see calv, kaneki is making empty plate of food and talking to himself
        - calv keeps eating all the food i make!!
        - auri gives blue shroom? purple? he was eating both
            - purple: a little aloof towards auri - looks at mushroom and its disappearing in his mouth not chomped
- koromu shoulder says dang wish i could get love like that around here
    - ken the lizard sees barrels of flies kaneki was cooking with
        - everyone can see ken
- huel sits next to deryll, offers rice
    - delivers letters in batallion
    - he doesnt rescue or fight people, mad huel convinced him to come out here
    - we can try and find samuel?
    - not as good as specs's rice
- kaneki goes to find hijikata
    - dropper, zaz, norman,
- auri going to find alino
    - huel
- koromo scouting around village, long walk
- kith asks walter about trap making
    - all bloom? coming back? we killed them already, long before i was like this
        - what we paid for that was immense
        - who did? he did? **kato ra el**
            - he came with the darkness and cut out the light, trapped the all bloom within a strange prison... then dont remember
            - where is prison? walter crying
            - want to go for a float? here to save him, liquid is dangerous
    - what is walter?
- hijikata and alino found
    - hijikata is fishing out body of large toad man with chef hat
        - alino is checking pulse, didnt make it
    - such a shame the flower got him, this doesnt look..??
    - lovely hat! it will definitely keep me dry when it rains! (he has a birds nest hat)
    - location of a bird man? name: samuel or nickname sisek
        - arakokra golden going north toward arachi, huaru is a cluster fuck rn and he wouldnt like colliute
        - looking to get away
        - stay away from hyaru, the winds say do not go to hyaru
            - dripper says come here to auri in her mind while she trys to listen to the wind
            - auri hears indistinguishable "come north"
- kaneki sees hijikata crying over zoro
    - all great heros to Angakaar, your names will  be in history books of aurikar
- spanish = epros
- carries sword from ancient looking scabbard
    - other hand bag of gold ~100 gold
    - old sword - rusted blade
    - thx & call again
    - written in the history books by **silus** and **talia** sing your name
    - zoros food could have been feasted on
    - you too will be remembered as the person who rebuilt
    - Angakaar has been here for thousands of years and we will not sink into this swamp
- norman wants to plan coordinated defense
- koromu looks over village
    - north, leaf hat on his head meditating on a rock
    - i am **silas** the scribe
        - koromu of the west winds
    - traveling to? sisek was last here for a few days then headed forth 3 weeks ago
    - he makes eye contact and he sees hes blind, as yes "remember the rhythm"
        - it seems you dance alone, but you are traveling with friends
    - he pulls out a scroll and starts to write as kormou leaves
- kith hears ppst ppst from behind
    - is he still there? salamander jumps out "hi im **merry**" pulls out whistle
- bubbles following kith down hallway
    - officer asks where kith got the whistle, belongs to officer : eldon the eccentric; greatest inventor
    - (NPC shop)
- grung asking about auri leaving?
    - we will destroy them before leaving
    - heroes cant leave? auri must stay in aurikar
    - auri please help zoro(dead chef)
- norman wants to stay in Angakaar and learn more about allbloom agents
    - church has long history for rooting out heresy
    - kith joins norman and auri
    - auri stares at norman for kith saying hes trained in tourute and interrogation
    - defend the village
    - kaneki will let norman "probe for information"
- koromu
    - frog shooting bow an darrow upset he couldnt save hte village
    - " not good enough yet" ignoring koromus pep talk
    - the bow string fingers are bloody
    - koromu straightens his bow, then he shoots bullseye
        - sets bow down and walks away
        - "i could have done that myself"
- other gang thinks koromu is missing, been gone for a awhile
- 2 days to get there AND BACK
    - "as long as youre not late... for whatever reason" god says for a while
- norman staying at village
- koromu comes behind and whispers scaring zaz
    - koromu thinks we should all go to old hags house
- norman talks to hijikata, confident in defending the village?
    - hell no did you see what 3 flowers did to us?
- why go to grandmas cabbin? auri finding parents
    - north next to a lake, **oswantia**
    - between orachi and karamu
- huel going to talk to derryl about samuel
    - more info on brother, not brother
    - headed north toward orachi three weeks ago
    - sadly- i cant follow him i am useless, come with us?
- everyone sleep for 2 days
    - norman asks for any important frog people kith has meant
        - eldon the eccentric, a bird inventor
        - walter knows about the all bloom  
            - walter does not want to talk to norman
            - someone named kato ra el was able to stop the all bloom
- norman asks eldon if hes willing to donate any items to village fund
    - you think im rich?
- koromu shares bird was going north from here
- auri holds out hand and warm sensation comes over her mind
    - hm whats wrong? you seem mixed up
    - when i pulled you from that ash you were screaming crying your eyes out and you went quiet when i put honey com in your mouth
- koromu sees hijikata staring at him
    - looks at dead body, then back up to koromu (he did it)
    - yeah i did it. WHAAAT!!? GUARDS!!!
    - guards force him to his knees

- can of endless spaghetti and pitcher of endless water

## plans
- koromu will confess to the crime
- dripper wants to go back to casino

## missions
- **find samuel the missing arokokra bird in angakkar**
    - (koromu) help with storm lord - captain winters
    - (dripper) help with court of clouds
- **(huel) bring sample of all bloom to veevee**
- **(auri) go to auris parents? burned cabin**
- (verana) elven population illness, elders are looking for 3 objects
    - moonshadow orchid petal, ghost essence, dragons tear quarts 50k g

## wiki links  
- [city of angakkar](../lore.md#city-of-angakkar-eastern-dalstead)
- [kato ra el](../lore.md#kato-ra-el)
- [all bloom](../lore.md#all-bloom)
- [agents of the all bloom](../lore.md#agents-of-the-all-bloom)
