---
layout: post
tags: [ ] 
chapter_title: chapter 7
chapter_url: ../chapter-07  
prev_title: 70
prev_url: ./2024-10-30 
next_title: 72
next_url: ./2024-12-04 
title: "Krondis at the Collegium"
page_num: 71
date: 2024-11-06
--- 
 
## recap
- at the manor **in city of demaah/Dimans**

## notes
- late at night, called isaac
    - he says he left us the box (forgot it was inside)
        - rubble from hyaru
    - arthas **20** see issac look at jonsie saying we dont know whos listening
    - city of night successors are all bad, sewers,rev mother
    - use scrying dish under hope tree
    - take care of elliot
    - voicebox damage? work in progress
    - tierson made micha upgrades
- norman city of night decision
    - osiris feels jonsie, cant trust him, too helpful
    - jonsie getting ham from kitchen
    - help candle jack take out kito sito
    - sewer to catch kids, rat catcher later maybe
        - rat catcher needs to be found if we want to leave the city
        - maybe lure him out, margarite? alexandra was who he was gonna marry
            - shes lead singer at the opera
            - pip hesitant to plan
    - if we fight, who will fight
        - koromi? oath.. kith, arthas
        - jonsie says to all fight and pretend to die
        - koromi has read about this in the starving games
    - not fight and help lyra?
        - taking out kito sito might help her, she doesnt like him but doenst want out help
        - she was going to leave in a few days, she has a way
        - kill captain of guard city of night, no longer on lockdown?
            - theodore antonov griphon general runs the city
                - is he firends with kito sito?
    - are fights to the death legal?
        - we met mr copochet (detective?)
        - narc on city of night?
- micha atuning with cold weapon
    - matches temp of micha body
    - as it cuts through air theres a howl, in a snowy field
        - two eyes coming twoars, large white wolf approaches looks micha in the eye
        - are you the one to swear the oathes
        - vorgoth fang of the richeousness
        - forged in the fires of a star and given life by the breath of wraith
        - ice forms over micha, touches nose icy shock
            - 3 oathes michas mouth agrees to each
            - to be the protector of the pack to hunt the unjust and bring blood for balance
    - tierson made this guy in the heart of a star
- getting ms cherum a new ham -mihca osiris koromi
    - scarce markets because the city is closed
    - big line at the butcher
    - koromi gets a ham
- manor -norman kith arryn arthas pip
    - ms cherum upset about no bacon or ham for breakfast
    - norman and kith go for a stoll
        - locate creature
        - get below building basements and archives
            - talk to krondis at collegium?
        - all the doors are locked
            - students and faculty walking in and out
            - invite only
    - arthas arryn
        - dirty young girl with top hat sitting across the street looking idle while watching the house
- krondis at collegium -all party
    - norman brought a fake tablet, they do not want him as a student
    - disappearance of a girl named juniper
        - why is she located below the building, nothing below but bedrock
    - krondis doesnt know hoshikiki
        - told us humanity came from another planet, crazy theory
    - micha looking at selenes book, was someone elses before
        - aetherion?
    - fake granite tomb

## plans
- shopping and fight night

## missions
- (arryn) find bluebell in the mystros theater
- (pip) uncover what "organic conduit" the metalrgy is using for crystals

## wiki links
