---
layout: post
tags: [ lore ] 
category: chapter-07  
prev_title: 79
prev_url: ./2025-02-05 
next_title: 81
next_url: ./2025-02-19 
title: "Mama K interview and the Cocksroost"
page_num: 80
date: 2025-02-12
---

## recap
- **in city of demaah/Dimans**

## notes
- got blue bell
- checked in on candle jack and watched him taken to prison
- arryn returned to astrolabe about ebbonguard
    - saw candle jack escaped
- koromi talk to collector?
- micha talk to tierson the blacksmith
- check giggleworks for vacant equipment
- norman kith arthas arryn
    - locate creature and wander streets for location
    - hampered bby something, 10ft radious
- micha koromi osiris
    - 3rd precinct
        - lost 3 men trying to capture candle jack
        - 500 donation- mama k needs it more, were tax funded
        - i was on dawn front were better than that
    - slag row
        - sulfur and smoke ambient oven with refineries all over
        - relationship with shadow? she left this place not quite right
            - michas nightfang mentor
                - micha has 4 tallys, little minni nightfang
                - tierson is nightfang
            - hunted heroes, rowan vale
                - true heroe are those that do the hard act even when it costs thier life
                - selfish heroes that died just like the dogs they were inside
                - when they had the capacity to choose they werent heroes they were scared children
                - jsut because you regret it doesnt mean it wasnt the right thing to do
        - shadow ran from hers, joined murderous vigilantes that wounded her int eh beginning
        - apprentice is missing, jerry/jerremy the wyrd
- talk to mama k about candle jack -full party
- koromi looks for an orphan around
    - got a coin? tosses a coin, runs off
    - take me to candle jack? tosses 2 coins
        - slight of hand check, catches kid by the scruff before he runs off
    - candle jack wont hurt you, yes he will /shows burn marks on his arm
        - now micha wants to kill candle jack for sure
        - he can read your mind, reads all of our minds
        - i ran away from mama k ages ago, koromi inviting him to ms cherrum
        - hes mean to the poeple that are mean to me
        - hes everywhere hes probably watching now
        - 25 coins, runs off fast now hes a mark (more money than most kids will ever have)
- lots of kids cycling through one place
    - interrogate mama k? break knees?
        - jack bracken
- koromi gets bag of 25 coins with a note "spoil the kid"
- interrogate mama k -full party
    - candle jack
        - mother slept in often, lots of late nights at eth cocks roost
        - rolls 16, osiris changes roll to 11
        - young priest back then
    - 1 tear in eye crumpling up note
        - you think i know where to find him? im just trying to help the kids
        - he lieks to hide in the shadows, usually not a place he is but hes smart
        - if he doesnt want you to find him then you probably wont
            - unless you make a spectacle so great hed have to respond
            - police wont allow...
                - robbed a bank of all of its gold, blew up the spark powder factory
                - big building with no one in it...
        - attention = friendship
            - i will never call a child broken...
        - koromi is his best friend.. dropps her rag
            - please tell me you didnt do a favor for him
            - i should have never accepted that money
            - get out! never come back
    - candle jack wanted us to mess up the spark powder factory
    - only direct candle jack location? invited us to the tea house
    - lived as a child, mom danced at cocks roost
- cocksroost - full party
    - hole in the wall under the roost, bare chest women
    - young gryphon calvary
    - 1 gold for an hour, norman pays for someone who used to work here (stacy, 1 month)
    - woman who bonoked her head on a bedisde table?
        - charolette, very old woman comes for osiris
        - jackalyn, death by young priest
        - real fire in her hair
        - the priest was here everyay for her
            - now hes a cardinal, richmond
            - hes with anna demaah always its weird
            - jaclyn was mean as hell when she was drunk , jack lived here
- party outside
    - group walking sullenly
        - heavy gear and backpacks
        - we werent chosen now we must go home in shame
        - no egg attached with any of us, hystory of the gryohon calvary
    - jacklyn had hair made of fire
        - knows huelfryn and zaz
        - arthas is of the summer sun
        - cardinal richmond is candle jack father? norman
    - dawn front :epros and empire of dawn occasionally parades thorugh owning it
        - people die for no reason
    - hair fo fire is to be born of the sun, direct daughter to talos -demigod/half celestial
        - candle jack ould be quarter gods, heros, touched by divinity, saints
- oprah house rehearsal
    - lead singer is off key off rythum i want to quit
    - woah didnt ask for your life story bro -norman
        - im not a priest im in costume for rehursal..
- lore
    - arryn arthaas finally fount truth, status among guild, knowledge, both worship the sun
        - someone who is possibly a descendant
    - norman is being persecuted and being called a heretic
        - previous way of life was a facade
        - noramn not ready to abandon faith in pura mother
        - most faithful servant
        - disillusioned in kingdoms faith
        - eggs in basket of borna gain chapel in hope
        - folk talk 5 point: 8 follies /dogs representing best in humanity
            - looking around friends, huh arent we just 8 follies together
- named the 8 follies

## plans
- nothing on candle jack
- rat catcher
    - talk to alexadnra with a plan
    - talk to lord barrow/luck maybe a plan?
    - waiting for a payout?
- chase ratcahtcher and dip on candle jack?
    - contact a godly beign make a shirne and pray? worship candle jack?
- killed a demi god, aranus (bug moth scary guy) michas father
- lay trap for ratcatcher? with lady alexadnria
    - love interest?
- back to sewer?
    - rat catcher in sewer

## missions
- (pip) uncover what "organic conduit" the metalrgy is using for crystals
    - giggleworks cleaned out/empty
- pursue candle jack
- persue rat catcher, 50k bounty no cops

## wiki links
