---
layout: post
tags: [ lore ] 
category: chapter-07  
prev_title: 83
prev_url: ./2025-03-05 
next_title: 85
next_url: ./2025-03-19 
title: "Dr Richmond Interview at the Collegium"
page_num: 84
date: 2025-03-12
---

## recap
- **in city of demaah/Dimans**

## notes
- big page with the letter A and question marks
    - arryn arthas? adrietta? arthur?
- krondis randall
    - star gazer?
    - oshikiki sky watcher
- long rest
- headline: vigilantes kick off night of unrest
    - vigilantes ruining the city and needs to stop
        - last night person got stabbed
        - **rowan vale**, found with 2 other dead men
    - tierson already killed rowan vale
        - how has rowan vale appeared dead again
- talk to tierson the blacksmith -micha osiris koromi
    - only hero hes ever killed is rowan vale
    - micha tells tierson and he sweats, off rhythm
    - **stitches** owns a book store on brewers street, a badger pet
    - leave the paper, id like to know where this happened
        - hand is shaking returning it
    - interrogate dr richmond
- collegium - norman kith arryn
    - thriving mage schools, debates and students bustling
    - enrolled or invited for admin building
    - shipping and receiving mail, loading dock bay
    - dr richmond in class, open seating today
- city of night will start a war if they find out their people are being killed
- osiris feels something cold and familiar, unpleasant
- rhys great descendant of king artorious,
    - most recent high king until he was killed by poison operatives from empire of dawn
    - the entire kings chamber seemed half melted of some kind of acid
    - red glasses and a yellow cloak
    - krondis randall is head archivist
        - his son ran away, carter randall
        - issac randall the trubador is hopping around the universe
        - issac is his grandson
        - issac did to carter
            - red cloak guy said father said its time to come home
        - issac is carter randalls son, issac is being hunted by people dressed in white, colored cloaks
            - color for each element? power rangers? order of primes?
            - what does someone of prime order have to do with vale
                - and making war with city of night
                - and antagonize tierson
                - and redoing something that happened decades ago
            - they killed high king, promoting chaos
    - everyone killing to see who will be next high king
        - cause chaos in ciy of night and demaah
        - chaos vs order
- collegium halls - norman kith arryn
    - well dressed students
    - kith push this man in a locker!
        - orca man kako malfoy **20** vs kith 7
        - locks kith in a cage, have fun loser!
        - berry laughing at norman, runs into a lecture
        - 16 different aether elements could be infinite combos of aether elements
        - popular teacher, students linger to chat about
    - doesnt know norman, clearly man of the cloth
        - asks about **candle jack: jack bracken**
        - i dont know him dont speak that name
        - that boy died a long time ago
- kaneki and dripper from same orphanage
    - 5 finger jack recognized dripper
    - kaneki serves the raven queen
        - dripper looks angry
        - shes a bitch thats all i can tell you drip
- kith sees conversation in magic colors and rave cuddle puddle
- dr richmond admits jack bracken is registered as his son, but he died already
    - baston grimm was banished for practicing on children
        - it was unfortunate but necessary for advancement of aether
    - baston grimm experimented on candle jack
    - maybe who took kaneki?
- passing a class of people studying a creature in a hole in the floor
    - shade: feeds off fear
    - blobs that attacked the mansion
- kith and micah dragging norman to the glow stick lsd party
- norman spell prep forever, dancing lights
- kaneki dripper osiris orphanage?
    - kill candle jack with osiris new found evil sword

## plans
- seek out rat catcher
- wait for candle jack
- only here for money.. move on?
- the crime scene has been cleaned? talk to the cleaners nickoli
- killed city of night members and stole very rare valuable metals

## missions
- pursue candle jack
- persue rat catcher, 50k bounty no cops

## wiki links
